[Paragraph 0] Insanity defense
The defense is based on evaluations by forensic mental health professionals with the appropriate test according to the jurisdiction. Their testimony guides the jury, but they are not allowed to testify to the accused's criminal responsibility, as this is a matter for the jury to decide. Similarly, mental health practitioners are restrained from making a judgment on the issue of whether the defendant is or is not insane or what is known as the ``ultimate issue ''.

[Paragraph 1] Edward Fokczyński
Edward Fokczyński was one of the four directors of the AVA Radio Company, an electronics firm established in Warsaw, Poland, in 1929. AVA produced radio equipment for the Polish General Staff's Cipher Bureau, which was responsible for the radio communications of the General Staff's Intelligence Section ("Oddział II").

[Paragraph 2] Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops
Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops (CBW) are a series of advanced training workshops in bioinformatics, founded in 1999 in response to an identified need for a skilled bioinformatics workforce in Canada.

[Paragraph 3] Dornbusch (Hiddensee)
The Dornbusch is a region of low rolling hills in the northern part of the German Baltic Sea island of Hiddensee. It consists mainly of ice age depositions, that were left behind after the glacier thawed. It is one of three island cores of the Hiddensee responsible for the emergence of the lowland.

[Paragraph 4] Bartholomew Mosse
Bartholomew Mosse (1712 – 16 February 1759) was an Irish surgeon and impresario responsible for founding the Rotunda Hospital in Dublin.

[Paragraph 5] Database
As computers grew in speed and capability, a number of general-purpose database systems emerged; by the mid-1960s a number of such systems had come into commercial use. Interest in a standard began to grow, and Charles Bachman, author of one such product, the Integrated Data Store (IDS), founded the "Database Task Group" within CODASYL, the group responsible for the creation and standardization of COBOL. In 1971 the Database Task Group delivered their standard, which generally became known as the "CODASYL approach", and soon a number of commercial products based on this approach entered the market.

[Paragraph 6] Baedeker
Verlag Karl Baedeker, founded by Karl Baedeker on July 1, 1827, is a German publisher and pioneer in the business of worldwide travel guides. The guides, often referred to simply as "Baedekers" (a term sometimes used to refer to similar works from other publishers, or travel guides in general), contain, among other things, maps and introductions; information about routes and travel facilities; and descriptions of noteworthy buildings, sights, attractions and museums, written by specialists.

[Paragraph 7] Emergency Management Institute
The Emergency Management Institute (EMI) of the United States Federal Emergency Management Agency serves as the national focal point for the development and delivery of emergency management training to enhance the capabilities of state, territorial, local, and tribal government officials; volunteer organizations; FEMA's disaster workforce; other Federal agencies; and the public and private sectors to minimize the impact of disasters and emergencies on the American public. EMI curricula are structured to meet the needs of this diverse audience with an emphasis on separate organizations working together in all-hazards emergencies to save lives and protect property. Particular emphasis is placed on governing doctrine such as the National Response Framework (NRF), National Incident Management System (NIMS), and the National Preparedness Guidelines. EMI is fully accredited by the International Association for Continuing Education and Training (IACET) and the American Council on Education (ACE). The instruction is based upon the principles of Emergency Management and instructional systems design, which create a framework within whole communities to reduce vulnerability to hazards and to cope with disasters. EMI develops courses and implements training delivery systems to include residential onsite training; offsite delivery in partnership with Emergency Management training systems, colleges, and universities; and technology-based mediums to conduct individual training courses for Emergency Management and Response personnel across the United States.

[Paragraph 8] Jeff Evans
Jeff Evans was born 1960 in South Wales and studied languages at the University of Reading. He has been writing professionally about beer since the 1980s. He became editor of the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA)'s "Good Beer Guide" in 1990 and was responsible for eight editions of the Guide (1991–1998).

[Paragraph 9] Iron response element
In molecular biology, the iron response element or iron - responsive element (IRE) is a short conserved stem - loop which is bound by iron response proteins (IRPs, also named IRE - BP or IRBP). The IRE is found in UTRs (untranslated regions) of various mRNAs whose products are involved in iron metabolism. For example, the mRNA of ferritin (an iron storage protein) contains one IRE in its 5 'UTR. When iron concentration is low, IRPs bind the IRE in the ferritin mRNA and cause reduced translation rates. In contrast, binding to multiple IREs in the 3' UTR of the transferrin receptor (involved in iron acquisition) leads to increased mRNA stability.

[Paragraph 10] Bison antiquus
Bison antiquus, the ancient or antique bison, is an extinct species of bison that lived in North America until around 10,000 years ago (ya). It was one of the most common large herbivores on the North American continent during the late Pleistocene, and is a direct ancestor of the living American bison.

[Paragraph 11] Disaster and Emergency Management Presidency
The Disaster and Emergency Management Presidency of Turkey ("Turkish: Afet ve Acil Durum Yönetimi Başkanlığı, AFAD") was established in 2009 to take necessary measures for effective emergency management and civil protection nationwide in Turkey. The presidency conducts pre-incident work, such as preparedness, mitigation and risk management, during-incident work such as response, and post-incident work such as recovery and reconstruction. AFAD reports to the Turkish Prime Ministry.

[Paragraph 12] Late Middle Ages
Parallel to the military developments emerged also a constantly more elaborate chivalric code of conduct for the warrior class. This new-found ethos can be seen as a response to the diminishing military role of the aristocracy, and gradually it became almost entirely detached from its military origin. The spirit of chivalry was given expression through the new (secular) type of chivalric orders; the first of these was the Order of St. George, founded by Charles I of Hungary in 1325, while the best known was probably the English Order of the Garter, founded by Edward III in 1348.

[Paragraph 13] Barbados Olympic Association
Barbados Olympic Association, founded in 1962, is the National Olympic Committee for Barbados. The body is also responsible for Barbados' representation at the Commonwealth Games.

[Paragraph 14] Form I-9
Every employee hired after November 6, 1986 must complete an I - 9 form at the time of hire. Employees must complete Section 1 of the form upon commencing employment. The employer must complete Section 2 within three days of the employee's starting date at work. The employer is responsible for ensuring that the forms are completed properly and in a timely manner.

[Paragraph 15] Questioned document examination
The American Society for Testing and Materials, International (ASTM) publishes standards for many methods and procedures used by FDEs. E30. 02 was the ASTM subcomittee for Questioned Documents. These guides were under the jurisdiction of ASTM Committee E30 on Forensic Sciences and the direct responsibility of Subcommittee E30. 02 on Questioned Documents. The ASTM Questioned Document Section has been disbanded.

[Paragraph 16] Air-One Emergency Response Coalition
The AIR-ONE Emergency Response Coalition (formerly named the Law Enforcement Aviation Coalition) supports agencies who provide air support to law enforcement, emergency management and fire/EMS agencies in Illinois, United States. Known by their "AIR-ONE" call sign, the helicopters are called upon by agencies who would otherwise not have air support capabilities available. AIR-ONE is a not-for-profit, 501(c)3, charitable organization, managed and staffed by volunteers from the aviation, law enforcement, emergency management and fire-rescue sectors. As the founding and coordinating agency, the Winthrop Harbor (Illinois) Police Department provides 24-hour dispatch services for all of the AIR-ONE helicopters.

[Paragraph 17] Game Park
Game Park was a South Korean company that was founded in 1996 and went bankrupt in March 2007. It is responsible for creating the GP32 and the never-released XGP. GamePark Holdings was founded by former employees of Game Park in 2005.

[Paragraph 18] Histamine
Histamine is an organic nitrogenous compound involved in local immune responses, as well as regulating physiological function in the gut and acting as a neurotransmitter for the brain, spinal cord, and uterus. Histamine is involved in the inflammatory response and has a central role as a mediator of itching. As part of an immune response to foreign pathogens, histamine is produced by basophils and by mast cells found in nearby connective tissues. Histamine increases the permeability of the capillaries to white blood cells and some proteins, to allow them to engage pathogens in the infected tissues.

[Paragraph 19] Emergency Response Guidebook
The fourth section, with orange page borders, includes the actual response guides. Each of the 62 guides provides safety recommendations and directions on how to proceed during the initial response phase (first thirty minutes) of the incident. It includes ``health ''and`` fire or explosion'' potential hazard information (with the more dangerous hazard listed first). For example, ``the material gives off irritating vapors, easily ignited by heat, reactive with water '';`` highly toxic, may be fatal if inhaled, swallowed or absorbed through skin''; etc.
