[Paragraph 0] Nintendo Entertainment System
Nintendo was not as restrictive as Sega, which did not permit third-party publishing until Mediagenic in late summer 1988. Nintendo's intention, however, was to reserve a large part of NES game revenue for itself. Nintendo required that they be the sole manufacturer of all cartridges, and that the publisher had to pay in full before the cartridges for that game be produced. Cartridges could not be returned to Nintendo, so publishers assumed all the risk. As a result, some publishers lost more money due to distress sales of remaining inventory at the end of the NES era than they ever earned in profits from sales of the games. Because Nintendo controlled the production of all cartridges, it was able to enforce strict rules on its third-party developers, which were required to sign a contract by Nintendo that would obligate these parties to develop exclusively for the system, order at least 10,000 cartridges, and only make five games per year. A 1988 shortage of DRAM and ROM chips also reportedly caused Nintendo to only permit 25% of publishers' requests for cartridges. This was an average figure, with some publishers receiving much higher amounts and others almost none. GameSpy noted that Nintendo's "iron-clad terms" made the company many enemies during the 1980s. Some developers tried to circumvent the five game limit by creating additional company brands like Konami's Ultra Games label; others tried circumventing the 10NES chip.

[Paragraph 1] Nintendo Entertainment System
The Nintendo Entertainment System (also abbreviated as NES) is an 8-bit home video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. It was initially released in Japan as the Family Computer (Japanese: ファミリーコンピュータ, Hepburn: Famirī Konpyūta?) (also known by the portmanteau abbreviation Famicom (ファミコン, Famikon?) and abbreviated as FC) on July 15, 1983, and was later released in North America during 1985, in Europe during 1986, and Australia in 1987. In South Korea, it was known as the Hyundai Comboy (현대 컴보이 Hyeondae Keomboi) and was distributed by SK Hynix which then was known as Hyundai Electronics. It was succeeded by the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.

[Paragraph 2] Kirby's Return to Dream Land
Kirby's Return to Dream Land, released in Europe and Australia as Kirby's Adventure Wii, is a "Kirby" video game and the twelfth platform installment of the series, developed by HAL Laboratory, and published by Nintendo. While "Kirby's Epic Yarn" was released in 2010, "Kirby's Return to Dream Land" is the first traditional "Kirby" platforming home console game since "", which was released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64. The title was released in North America on October 24, 2011, in Japan on October 27, 2011, in Europe on November 25, 2011, and in Australia on December 1, 2011.

[Paragraph 3] Super Nintendo Entertainment System
During the NES era, Nintendo maintained exclusive control over titles released for the system—the company had to approve every game, each third-party developer could only release up to five games per year (but some third parties got around this by using different names, for example Konami's "Ultra Games" brand), those games could not be released on another console within two years, and Nintendo was the exclusive manufacturer and supplier of NES cartridges. However, competition from Sega's console brought an end to this practice; in 1991, Acclaim began releasing games for both platforms, with most of Nintendo's other licensees following suit over the next several years; Capcom (which licensed some games to Sega instead of producing them directly) and Square were the most notable holdouts.

[Paragraph 4] Knight Rider (video game)
Knight Rider is a racing video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System that is very loosely based on the television show of the same name.

[Paragraph 5] Nintendo Entertainment System
Nintendo's near monopoly on the home video game market left it with a degree of influence over the industry. Unlike Atari, which never actively courted third-party developers (and even went to court in an attempt to force Activision to cease production of Atari 2600 games), Nintendo had anticipated and encouraged the involvement of third-party software developers; strictly, however, on Nintendo's terms. Some of the Nintendo platform-control measures were adopted by later console manufacturers such as Sega, Sony, and Microsoft, although not as stringent.

[Paragraph 6] Electronic Super Joy
Electronic Super Joy is a platform video game created by Michael Todd. The game is available for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, Nintendo Wii U, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. A PlayStation Vita release was planned, but later cancelled. The developers have announced plans to publish it on iOS and Android.

[Paragraph 7] Super Mario Bros. 3
Super Mario Bros. 3 is a platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). It was first released in Japan on October 23, 1988, and later in North America on February 12, 1990. The game was developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development, led by Shigeru Miyamoto and Takashi Tezuka. Enhanced remakes were later released on the Super NES in 1993 and the Game Boy Advance in 2003. The game has been re-released as a Virtual Console title for the Wii, Nintendo 3DS, and Wii U consoles.

[Paragraph 8] Too Human
Too Human is an action role-playing game developed by Canadian developer Silicon Knights and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 in August 2008. The game is notable for having remained in development hell for almost ten years, originally planned for release on the Sony PlayStation in 1999. Development later went into the Nintendo GameCube in 2000, before eventually selling the rights to Microsoft in 2005 and becoming an Xbox 360 exclusive.

[Paragraph 9] Super Mario Bros. 2
Super Mario Bros. 2 is a platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The game was first released in North America in October 1988, and in PAL regions the following year. Super Mario Bros. 2 has been remade or re-released for several video game consoles.

[Paragraph 10] Little Samson
Little Samson, known in Japan as , is a 1992 action platformer video game developed by Takeru and published by Taito Corporation for the Nintendo Entertainment System.

[Paragraph 11] Kirby's Dream Land
Kirby's Dream Land is an action platform video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy. Released in 1992, it is the first video game in the "Kirby" series and the debut of Kirby. As the inaugural "Kirby" title it created many conventions that would appear in later games in the series. However, Kirby's iconic copy ability would not appear until "Kirby's Adventure", released less than one year later.

[Paragraph 12] Celeste (video game)
Noel Berry (Skytorn) and Matt Thorson (TowerFall) created a prototype of Celeste in four days during a game jam, now named Celeste Classic. The result was a difficult platformer with 30 levels for the Pico-8 fantasy video game console designed for speedrunning and precision reflexes. Kill Screen noted that the game was a departure from Thorson's TowerFall, and had more in common with the game mechanics of his older games and Super Mario Maker work. The developers also took inspiration from difficult, Super Nintendo-era platformers. Berry and Thorson developed the game into a standalone release with over 200 rooms spread between eight chapters. They livestreamed parts of their development process on Twitch. The game was also demoed at the 2016 PAX West Indie Megabooth. Celeste released on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Windows, Linux and macOS on January 25, 2018. The original Pico-8 prototype is included in the game as an unlockable minigame. The game will eventually receive a limited collector's edition. Thorson stated that he plans to release a set of "farewell levels" for Celeste some time in 2019.

[Paragraph 13] Nintendo La Rivista Ufficiale
Nintendo La Rivista Ufficiale, also known by the acronym NRU, was the Italian edition of Official Nintendo video game magazine, specializing in all Nintendo video game consoles and handheld gaming platforms.

[Paragraph 14] Yoshi's Story
Yoshi's Story is a side-scrolling platform game published and developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. It was first released in Japan in December 1997, and worldwide the following year. It was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console service in 2007, and later for the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2016.

[Paragraph 15] Order of Australia
Knight and Dame of the Order of Australia (AK and AD -- discontinued, original quota of 4 per annum); Companion of the Order of Australia (AC -- quota of 35 per annum); Officer of the Order of Australia (AO -- quota of 140 per annum); Member of the Order of Australia (AM -- quota of 340 per annum); and Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM -- no quota).

[Paragraph 16] Dragon Knight 4
Dragon Knight 4 (ドラゴンナイト４) is an erotic role-playing video game developed by ELF Corporation and released only in Japan for several platforms between 1994 and 1997. In 1994, the game first became available for PC MS-DOS, NEC PC-9801 and X68000, with a censored version ported to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1996 and later to the PC-FX, PlayStation and Sega Saturn in 1997. It was also adapted into illustrated novels and an anime miniseries.

[Paragraph 17] Yoshi's Woolly World
Yoshi's Woolly World is a side-scrolling platformer video game developed by Good-Feel and published by Nintendo for the Wii U. The game is the seventh main entry in the "Yoshi" series of games, the first home console title in the series since 1997's "Yoshi's Story," as well as the spiritual successor to 2010's "Kirby's Epic Yarn." The game was released worldwide throughout 2015. A port for the Nintendo 3DS, known as Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World, was released worldwide in early 2017.

[Paragraph 18] Raving Rabbids: Alive & Kicking
Raving Rabbids: Alive & Kicking, known as "Rabbids: Fuori di schermo" in Italy, is a party video game developed by Ubisoft Milan and published on November 3, 2011 in Australia, November 4, 2011 in Europe and November 8, 2011 in North America for the Xbox 360. This is the sixth game from the "Raving Rabbids" games franchise and it is the first Rabbids game not released on a Nintendo platform. The game was exclusively developed for the Kinect and consists of mini-games with up to 4 players.

[Paragraph 19] Warlocked
Warlocked is a real-time strategy video game developed by Bits Studios and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color. Critical reception towards the game was positive, it received a score of 86% on review aggregation website GameRankings. IGN named the game as the Best Game Boy Strategy game of 2000, and would later list the game as one they would like to see on a hypothetical Virtual Console platform for the Nintendo DSi, owing partially due to its real-time strategy interface. A sequel to the game, titled "Wizards", was in development for the Game Boy Advance, but was cancelled due to the lack of a publisher.
