[Paragraph 0] Tip of My Tongue
"Tip of My Tongue" is a single by Tommy Quickly backed by The Remo Four. Written by Paul McCartney and attributed to the songwriting partnership of Lennon–McCartney, it was one of their relatively few songs that were never officially released by the Beatles. Several takes of this song were apparently recorded on 26 November 1962 at EMI Studios, although George Martin was dissatisfied with the results. This session has yet to emerge on any of the Beatles bootlegs.

[Paragraph 1] In My Life
``In My Life ''is a song by the Beatles released on the 1965 album Rubber Soul, and credited to Lennon -- McCartney. The song originated with John Lennon, but Paul McCartney and Lennon later disagreed over the extent of their respective contribution to that song, specifically the melody. George Martin contributed the piano solo bridge. It is ranked 23rd on Rolling Stone's`` The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time'' as well as fifth on their list of the Beatles' 100 Greatest Songs. The song placed second on CBC's 50 Tracks. Mojo magazine named it the best song of all time in 2000.

[Paragraph 2] Because (Beatles song)
"Because" is a song written by John Lennon (credited to Lennon–McCartney) and recorded by the English rock band the Beatles. It was released on their 1969 album "Abbey Road", immediately preceding the extended medley on side two of the record. It features a prominent three-part vocal harmony by Lennon, Paul McCartney, and George Harrison, recorded three times to make nine voices in all.

[Paragraph 3] She's a Woman
``She's a Woman ''has been described as an example of the rock and roll and rhythm and blues genres. The song, penned mainly by Paul McCartney (Lennon helped with the lyric and bridge) was his attempt at imitating the vocal style of Little Richard. This is why the song is in such a high register, even for McCartney's tenor range. Some takes of the song (especially recordings of live concerts) feature an extended outro.

[Paragraph 4] Tip of My Tongue
``Tip of My Tongue ''is a single by Tommy Quickly backed by The Remo Four. Written by Paul McCartney and attributed to the songwriting partnership of Lennon -- McCartney, it was one of their relatively few songs that were never officially released by the Beatles. Several takes of this song were apparently recorded on 26 November 1962 at EMI Studios, although George Martin was dissatisfied with the results. This session has yet to emerge on any of the Beatles bootlegs.

[Paragraph 5] When I'm Sixty-Four
Paul McCartney -- lead and backing vocals, bass guitar, piano John Lennon -- backing vocals, lead guitar George Harrison -- backing vocals, guitar Ringo Starr -- drums, tubular bells Robert Burns, Henry MacKenzie, Frank Reidy -- two clarinets, bass clarinet

[Paragraph 6] Let It Be
The master take was recorded on 31 January 1969, as part of the ``Apple studio performance ''for the project. McCartney played Blüthner piano, Lennon played six - string electric bass (replaced by McCartney's own bass part on the final version at the behest of George Martin), George Harrison and Ringo Starr assumed their conventional roles, on guitar and drums respectively, and Billy Preston contributed on organ. This was one of two performances of`` Let It Be'' that day. The first version, designated take 27 - A, would serve as the basis for all officially released versions of the song. The other version, take 27 - B, was performed as part of the ``live studio performance '', along with`` Two of Us'' and ``The Long and Winding Road ''. This performance, in which Lennon and Harrison harmonised with McCartney's lead vocal and Harrison contributed a subdued guitar solo, can be seen in the film Let It Be.

[Paragraph 7] I Saw Her Standing There
Paul McCartney -- lead vocals, bass, handclaps John Lennon -- rhythm guitar, harmony vocals, handclaps George Harrison -- lead guitar, handclaps Ringo Starr -- drums, handclaps

[Paragraph 8] Lennon–McCartney
Lennon -- McCartney (sometimes McCartney -- Lennon) was the songwriting partnership between English musicians John Lennon (9 October 1940 -- 8 December 1980) and Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) of the Beatles. It is one of the best known and most successful musical collaborations in history, with the Beatles selling over 600 million records, tapes and CDs as of 2004. Between 1962 and 1969, the partnership published approximately 180 jointly credited songs, of which the vast majority were recorded by the Beatles, forming the bulk of their catalogue.

[Paragraph 9] Anna (Go to Him)
John Lennon -- vocals, acoustic rhythm guitar Paul McCartney -- bass, backing vocals George Harrison -- lead guitar, backing vocals Ringo Starr -- drums

[Paragraph 10] Cynthia Lennon
Cynthia Lillian Lennon ("née" Powell; 10 September 1939 – 1 April 2015) was the first wife of English musician John Lennon and mother of Julian Lennon. She grew up in the middle-class section of Hoylake, on the Wirral Peninsula in North West England. At the age of 12, she was accepted into the Junior Art School and was later enrolled in the Liverpool College of Art. John Lennon also attended the college; a meeting with Powell in a calligraphy class led to their relationship.

[Paragraph 11] Hey Jude
``Hey Jude ''is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, written by Paul McCartney and credited to Lennon -- McCartney. The ballad evolved from`` Hey Jules'', a song McCartney wrote to comfort John Lennon's son, Julian, during his parents' divorce. ``Hey Jude ''begins with a verse - bridge structure incorporating McCartney's vocal performance and piano accompaniment; further instrumentation is added as the song progresses. After the fourth verse, the song shifts to a fade - out coda that lasts for more than four minutes.

[Paragraph 12] Break-up of the Beatles
The break - up of the Beatles was a cumulative process throughout the period 1968 to 1970, marked by rumours of a split and ambiguous comments by the Beatles themselves regarding the future of the group. Although in September 1969 John Lennon privately informed the other Beatles that he was leaving the group, there was no public acknowledgement of the break - up until Paul McCartney announced on 10 April 1970 he was leaving the Beatles.

[Paragraph 13] Freedom (Paul McCartney song)
"Freedom" is a song written and recorded by Paul McCartney in response to the September 11 attacks in 2001. McCartney was in New York City at the time of the attacks and witnessed the event while sitting in a plane parked on the tarmac at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport.

[Paragraph 14] The Beatles
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960. With members John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era. Rooted in skiffle, beat and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles, ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock, often incorporating classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways. In 1963 their enormous popularity first emerged as ``Beatlemania ''; as the group's music grew in sophistication, led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney, the band were integral to pop music's development into an art form and came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s.

[Paragraph 15] I Want to Hold Your Hand
``I Want to Hold Your Hand ''is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, and recorded in October 1963, it was the first Beatles record to be made using four - track equipment.

[Paragraph 16] Lennon–McCartney
Lennon -- McCartney was the songwriting partnership between English musicians John Lennon (9 October 1940 -- 8 December 1980) and Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) of the Beatles. It is one of the best known and most successful musical collaborations in history, with the Beatles selling over 600 million records, tapes and CDs as of 2004. Between 1962 and 1969, the partnership published approximately 180 jointly credited songs, of which the vast majority were recorded by the Beatles, forming the bulk of their catalogue.

[Paragraph 17] You've Got to Hide Your Love Away
``You've Got to Hide Your Love Away ''is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was written and sung by John Lennon (credited to Lennon -- McCartney) and released on the album Help! in August 1965.

[Paragraph 18] Mama's Little Girl
"Mama's Little Girl" is a song by Paul McCartney that was taped in March 1972 during the "Red Rose Speedway" recording sessions.

[Paragraph 19] Michelle (song)
``Michelle ''is a love ballad by the Beatles, composed principally by Paul McCartney, with the middle eight co-written with John Lennon. It is featured on their Rubber Soul album, released in December 1965. The song is unusual among Beatles recordings in that some of its lead vocals are in French, although`` Paperback Writer'' contains the backing vocals ``Frère Jacques ''.`` Michelle'' won the Grammy Award for Song of the Year in 1967 and has since become one of the best known and most often recorded of all Beatles songs.

[Paragraph 20] Battle of Landriano
The Battle of Landriano took place on 21 June 1529, between the French army under Francis de Bourbon, Comte de St. Pol and the Imperial–Spanish army commanded by Don Antonio de Leyva, Duke of Terranova in the context of the War of the League of Cognac. The French army was destroyed and the battle's strategic result was that the struggle between Francis I of France and Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor for control of northern Italy was temporarily at an end.

[Paragraph 21] Hedonism
Ethical hedonism is the idea that all people have the right to do everything in their power to achieve the greatest amount of pleasure possible to them. It is also the idea that every person's pleasure should far surpass their amount of pain. Ethical hedonism is said to have been started by Aristippus of Cyrene, a student of Socrates. He held the idea that pleasure is the highest good.

[Paragraph 22] Prime minister
In non-Commonwealth countries the prime minister may be entitled to the style of Excellency like a president. In some Commonwealth countries prime ministers and former prime ministers are styled Right Honourable due to their position, for example in the Prime Minister of Canada. In the United Kingdom the prime minister and former prime ministers may appear to also be styled Right Honourable, however this is not due to their position as head of government but as a privilege of being current members of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council.

[Paragraph 23] Arthur D. Hay
Arthur Douglas Hay (1884–1952) was an American attorney and judge in Oregon. He was the 62nd Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court, serving from 1942 to 1952. Prior to his appointment to the state's highest court, Hay served as a state circuit court judge.

[Paragraph 24] First Battle of Polotsk
In the First Battle of Polotsk, which took place on 17–18 August 1812, Russian troops under the command of Peter Wittgenstein fought French and Bavarian troops led by Nicolas Oudinot near the city of Polotsk, halting Oudinot's advance toward Saint Petersburg. The First Battle of Polotsk should be distinguished from the Second Battle of Polotsk which took place during the same campaign two months later.

[Paragraph 25] Hagen von Lahnstein
Hagen von Lahnstein is a fictional character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe". The character has been played by Christoph Mory, after being introduced by Tom Viehöfer.

[Paragraph 26] Military history of the United States
In January 2002, the U.S. sent more than 1,200 troops (later raised to 2,000) to assist the Armed Forces of the Philippines in combating terrorist groups linked to al-Qaida, such as Abu Sayyaf, under Operation Enduring Freedom - Philippines. Operations have taken place mostly in the Sulu Archipelago, where terrorists and other groups are active. The majority of troops provide logistics. However, there are special forces troops that are training and assisting in combat operations against the terrorist groups.

[Paragraph 27] Dinner: Impossible
Dinner: Impossible is an American television program broadcast by the Food Network and initially hosted by Robert Irvine. The first episode aired on January 24, 2007 and the last episode aired in 2010. Food Network began airing the eighth season on March 3, 2010.

[Paragraph 28] Édouard Placide Duchassaing de Fontbressin
Édouard Placide Duchassaing de Fontbressin (1819 in Moule, Guadeloupe – 1873 in Périgueux) was a French naturalist. He is noted for his work in botany and spongiology.

[Paragraph 29] Waitin' on a Sunny Day
"Waitin' on a Sunny Day" is a song by Bruce Springsteen that was first released in a recording with the E Street Band on his 2002 album "The Rising". Although the song was not released as a single in the United States, it was released as a single in Europe, and was a hit in Sweden.

[Paragraph 30] Groovin' High (Booker Ervin album)
Groovin' High is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1963 and 1964 for the Prestige label.

[Paragraph 31] Saint-Édouard-de-Lotbinière, Quebec
Saint-Édouard-de-Lotbinière is a parish municipality in the Lotbinière Regional County Municipality in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, Canada. Its population is 1,248 as of the Canada 2011 Census. It is named after Édouard Faucher, founder and first priest of the parish, and René-Louis Chartier de Lotbinière, first owner of the "seigneurie" in which Saint-Édouard lay.

[Paragraph 32] Adventure Time (season 9)
Still feeling guilty over Fern's death, Princess Bubblegum tasks Finn to protect the banana guard from a monster later dubbed the Grumbo. Finn ca n't bring himself to slay the monster as he keeps seeing Fern's face materialize when he's close to defeating it. Later, Finn meets up with Huntress Wizard who is also trying to slay the Grumbo and she tries to give encouraging words to Finn. They find the Grumbo's cave and Finn once again stalls. Huntress Wizard puts herself in harm's way and Finn imagines Fern in her place and finally slays the Grumbo. They realize that the Grumbo was artificially created and the mysterious man, revealed to be Uncle Gumbald, plots to create another monster.

[Paragraph 33] Bern
In 1983 the historic old town in the centre of Bern became a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Bern is ranked among the world’s top ten cities for the best quality of life (2010).

[Paragraph 34] United States Virgin Islands
The U.S. Virgin Islands consist of the main islands of Saint Croix, Saint John, and Saint Thomas, and many other surrounding minor islands. The total land area of the territory is 133.73 square miles (346.36 km). The territory's capital is Charlotte Amalie on the island of Saint Thomas.

[Paragraph 35] Joe Gordon (musician)
His first professional gigs were in Boston in 1947; he played with Georgie Auld, Charlie Mariano, Lionel Hampton, Charlie Parker (1953–55 intermittently), Art Blakey (1954), and Don Redman.

[Paragraph 36] All You Need Is Love
``All You Need Is Love ''is a song by the English rock band the Beatles that was released as a non-album single in July 1967. It was written by John Lennon and credited to Lennon -- McCartney. The Beatles performed the song over a pre-recorded backing track as Britain's contribution to Our World, the first live global television link. Watched by over 400 million in 25 countries, the programme was broadcast via satellite on 25 June 1967. The song captured the utopian sentiments of the Summer of Love era and topped singles charts in Britain, the United States and many other countries.

[Paragraph 37] Eileen Power
Eileen Power was the eldest daughter of a stockbroker and was born at Altrincham (now part of Greater Manchester) in 1889. She was a sister of Rhoda Power, the children's writer and broadcaster. When she was three her father, a stockbroker, was arrested for fraud and the family moved to Bournemouth. After her mother died of tuberculosis when Power was only 14, she moved to Oxford with her two sisters to live with her aunt. Power was educated at Oxford High School for Girls, Girton College, Cambridge, and the Sorbonne.

[Paragraph 38] London
By the 11th century, London was beyond all comparison the largest town in England. Westminster Abbey, rebuilt in the Romanesque style by King Edward the Confessor, was one of the grandest churches in Europe. Winchester had previously been the capital of Anglo-Saxon England, but from this time on, London became the main forum for foreign traders and the base for defence in time of war. In the view of Frank Stenton: "It had the resources, and it was rapidly developing the dignity and the political self-consciousness appropriate to a national capital."

[Paragraph 39] Burn
In the United States, fire and hot liquids are the most common causes of burns. Of house fires that result in death, smoking causes 25% and heating devices cause 22%. Almost half of injuries are due to efforts to fight a fire. Scalding is caused by hot liquids or gases and most commonly occurs from exposure to hot drinks, high temperature tap water in baths or showers, hot cooking oil, or steam. Scald injuries are most common in children under the age of five and, in the United States and Australia, this population makes up about two-thirds of all burns. Contact with hot objects is the cause of about 20–30% of burns in children. Generally, scalds are first- or second-degree burns, but third-degree burns may also result, especially with prolonged contact. Fireworks are a common cause of burns during holiday seasons in many countries. This is a particular risk for adolescent males.

[Paragraph 40] Ting Kau
Ting Kau () is an area in west Tsuen Wan District, New Territories, Hong Kong. Ting Kau Village is a village near the shore. The beach nearby, Ting Kau Beach was once a popular beach in Hong Kong. The water quality affected by the treated water injected into Victoria Harbour.

[Paragraph 41] Texas–Indian wars
Although several Indian tribes occupied territory in the area, the preeminent nation was the Comanche, known as the ``Lords of the Plains. ''Their territory, the Comancheria, was the most powerful entity and persistently hostile to the Spanish, the Mexicans, and finally, the Texans. This article covers the conflicts from 1820, just before Mexico gained independence from Spain, until 1875, when the last free band of Plains Indians, the Comanches led by Quahadi warrior Quanah Parker, surrendered and moved to the Fort Sill reservation in Oklahoma.

[Paragraph 42] Skeleton at the Winter Olympics
Skeleton is a winter sport featured in the Winter Olympics where the competitor rides head - first and prone (lying face down) on a flat sled. It is normally run on an ice track that allows the sled to gain speed by gravity. It was first contested at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz and again in 1948 Winter Olympics, after which it was discontinued as an Olympic sport. Skeleton was reintroduced at the 2002 Winter Olympics, with both men's and women's events, and has been held in each Winter Olympic competition since. Skeleton is so - named as the first metal sleds introduced in 1892 were said to resemble a human skeleton.

[Paragraph 43] Vilbrun Guillaume Sam
Jean Vilbrun Guillaume Sam (4 March 1859 – 28 July 1915) was President of Haiti from 4 March to 27 July 1915. He was a cousin of Tirésias Simon Sam, Haiti's president from 1896 to 1902.

[Paragraph 44] Lars Christensen Peak
Lars Christensen Peak, also known as Lars Christensentoppen, is the highest point at on Peter I Island, off the coast of Antarctica.

[Paragraph 45] The Florida Project
The Florida Project premiered in the Directors' Fortnight section of the 2017 Cannes Film Festival, and was theatrically released in the United States on October 6, 2017, by A24. The film was praised for its direction and acting, particularly the performances of Prince, Dafoe, and Vinaite. It was chosen by both the National Board of Review and American Film Institute as one of the top 10 films of the year. Dafoe earned Best Supporting Actor nominations at the Academy Awards, Golden Globes, SAG Awards, and BAFTA Awards.

[Paragraph 46] Romania in World War II
On 23 August 1944, with the Red Army penetrating German defenses during the Jassy -- Kishinev Offensive, King Michael I of Romania led a successful coup against the Axis with support from opposition politicians and most of the army. Michael I, who was initially considered to be not much more than a figurehead, was able to successfully depose the Antonescu dictatorship. The King then offered a non-confrontational retreat to German ambassador Manfred von Killinger. But the Germans considered the coup ``reversible ''and attempted to turn the situation around by military force. The Romanian First, Second (forming), and what little was left of the Third and the Fourth Armies (one corps) were under orders from the King to defend Romania against any German attacks. King Michael offered to put the Romanian Army, which at that point had a strength of nearly 1,000,000 men, on the side of the Allies. Surprisingly, with the Red Army occupying parts of Romania, Stalin immediately recognized the king and the restoration of the conservative Romanian monarchy. (Deutscher, Stalin. 1967, p. 519)

[Paragraph 47] 1960 French motorcycle Grand Prix
The 1960 French motorcycle Grand Prix was the first round of the 1960 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 22 May 1960 at the Clermont-Ferrand circuit.

[Paragraph 48] Bismarck monument
From 1868 onwards, Bismarck monuments were erected in many parts of the German Empire in honour of the long-serving Prussian minister-president and first German "Reichskanzler", Prince Otto von Bismarck. Today some of these monuments are on the soil of other countries including France, Poland and Russia as well as the former German colonies on other continents.

[Paragraph 49] International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (abbreviated to ICAN, pronounced  EYE-kan) is a global civil society coalition working to promote adherence to and full implementation of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The campaign helped bring about this treaty. ICAN was launched in 2007 and counts 468 partner organizations in 101 countries as of 2017.

[Paragraph 50] Granite Peak (Humboldt County, Nevada)
Granite Peak is the highest mountain in both the Santa Rosa Range and Humboldt County, in Nevada, United States. It is the eighteenth-most topographically prominent peak in the state. The peak is located within the Santa Rosa Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest, about 12 miles north of the small town of Paradise Valley and 23 miles southeast of the small town of McDermitt. It is the highest mountain for over 80 miles in all directions.

[Paragraph 51] To Sir with Love (song)
``To Sir With Love ''US vinyl release (Epic Records) Single by Lulu from the album To Sir, with Love B - side`` It's Getting Harder All the Time'' (The Mindbenders) (UK) ``The Boat That I Row ''(US) Released September 1967 Format 7'' single Genre Pop Length 2: 47 Label Epic Songwriter (s) Don Black (lyrics) Mark London (music) Mike Leander (arranger) Producer (s) Mickie Most Lulu singles chronology`` Shout ''(1964) ``To Sir With Love'' (1967)`` Shout ''(1967) ``Shout'' (1964)`` To Sir With Love ''(1967) ``Shout'' (1967)

[Paragraph 52] 1993 Russian constitutional crisis
The referendum would go ahead, but since the impeachment vote failed, the Congress of People's Deputies sought to set new terms for a popular referendum. The legislature's version of the referendum asked whether citizens had confidence in Yeltsin, approved of his reforms, and supported early presidential and legislative elections. The parliament voted that in order to win, the president would need to obtain 50 percent of the whole electorate, rather than 50 percent of those actually voting, to avoid an early presidential election.

[Paragraph 53] Allies of World War II
At the start of the war on 1 September 1939, the Allies consisted of France, Poland and the United Kingdom, and dependent states, such as the British India. Within days they were joined by the independent Dominions of the British Commonwealth: Australia, Canada, New Zealand and South Africa. After the start of the German invasion of North Europe till the Balkan Campaign, the Netherlands, Belgium, Greece and Yugoslavia joined the Allies. After first having cooperated with Germany in invading Poland whilst remaining neutral in the Allied - Axis conflict, the Soviet Union perforce joined the Allies in June 1941 after being invaded by Germany. The United States provided war materiel and money all along, and officially joined in December 1941 after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. China had already been in a prolonged war with Japan since the Lugou Bridge Incident of 1937, but officially joined the Allies in 1941.

[Paragraph 54] Birth control movement in the United States
Birth control practices were generally adopted earlier in Europe than in the United States. Knowlton's book was reprinted in 1877 in England by Charles Bradlaugh and Annie Besant, with the goal of challenging Britain's obscenity laws. They were arrested (and later acquitted) but the publicity of their trial contributed to the formation, in 1877, of the Malthusian League -- the world's first birth control advocacy group -- which sought to limit population growth to avoid Thomas Malthus's dire predictions of exponential population growth leading to worldwide poverty and famine. By 1930, similar societies had been established in nearly all European countries, and birth control began to find acceptance in most Western European countries, except Catholic Ireland, Spain, and France. As the birth control societies spread across Europe, so did birth control clinics. The first birth control clinic in the world was established in the Netherlands in 1882, run by the Netherlands' first female physician, Aletta Jacobs. The first birth control clinic in England was established in 1921 by Marie Stopes, in London.

[Paragraph 55] Williston, Florida
Williston is a city in Levy County, Florida, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 2,768. The city was established before 1885 by J. M. Willis, who named it after himself.

[Paragraph 56] Clemente Gràcia
Bosch Josep-Clemente Gràcia (5 February 1897 – 6 March 1981), known as Grace, was a Spanish Catalan footballer who played as a forward and out as header during a career which lasted from 1917 to 1926. In the midst of his years (1919–26) as a member of FC Barcelona, he achieved a record, during the 1921–22 season, which has remained unbroken into 2010 — the most goals (59) scored by a player in a season.

[Paragraph 57] Speed skating at the 1964 Winter Olympics – Women's 500 metres
The women's 500 metres in speed skating at the 1964 Winter Olympics took place on 30 January, at the Eisschnellaufbahn.

[Paragraph 58] Climb Dance
Climb Dance is a famous cinéma vérité short film, which features Finnish rally driver Ari Vatanen setting a record time in a highly modified four-wheel drive, all-wheel steering Peugeot 405 Turbo 16 GR at the 1988 Pikes Peak International Hillclimb in Colorado, United States. The film was produced by Peugeot and directed by Jean Louis Mourey. The record time set was 10:47.77.

[Paragraph 59] Mister Tinker in Oz
Mister Tinker in Oz is an apocryphal Oz book, authored by James Howe and published in 1985 by Random House involving an inventor responsible for Tik-Tok the Clockwork man and Dorothy and their adventure in Oz.

[Paragraph 60] Comprehensive school
According to a study done by Helmut Fend (who had always been a fierce proponent of comprehensive schools) revealed that comprehensive schools do not help working class students. He compared alumni of the tripartite system to alumni of comprehensive schools. While working class alumni of comprehensive schools were awarded better school diplomas at age 35, they held similar occupational positions as working class alumni of the tripartite system and were as unlikely to graduate from college.

[Paragraph 61] Beauty and the Beast (1991 soundtrack)
Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack album to the 1991 Disney animated feature film, Beauty and the Beast. Originally released on October 29, 1991, by Walt Disney Records, the album's first half -- tracks 2 to 9 -- generally contains the film's musical number s, all of which were written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman, while its latter half -- tracks 10 to 14 -- features its musical score, composed solely by Menken. While the majority of the album's content remains within the musical theatre genre, its songs have also been influenced by French, classical, pop and Broadway music. Credited to Various Artists, Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack features performances by the film's main cast -- Paige O'Hara, Richard White, Jesse Corti, Jerry Orbach, Angela Lansbury and Robby Benson -- in order of appearance. Additionally, the album features recording artists Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson, who perform a pop rendition of the film's title and theme song, ``Beauty and the Beast '', which simultaneously serves as the soundtrack's only single.

[Paragraph 62] Maryline Desbiolles
Maryline Desbiolles (born 21 May 1959 in Ugine, Savoie) is a French writer and winner of the Prix Femina, 1999, for "Anchise".

[Paragraph 63] Laure Duthilleul
Laure Duthilleul (born 14 January 1959) is a French actress, director and screenwriter. She has appeared in more than 70 films and television shows since 1981. She has appeared in five films that have been screened at the Cannes Film Festival.

[Paragraph 64] Sweet Thing (Keith Urban song)
"Sweet Thing" is a song co-written and recorded by New Zealand country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on 3 November 2008 as the first single from his 2009 album "Defying Gravity". It made its debut on the Hot Country Songs charts at number 30, becoming Urban's nineteenth Top 40 country hit, and on the chart week of 14 March 2009, it became his tenth number 1 single. This song also went on to win his third win for 2010 Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance in 2010. This is Keith's first Top 40 hit on the Pop chart since "Once in a Lifetime" in 2006 and first Top 30 hit on the Pop chart since "You'll Think of Me" in 2004. The song was written by Urban and Monty Powell.

[Paragraph 65] Greece
Greece is a democratic and developed country with an advanced high-income economy, a high quality of life and a very high standard of living. A founding member of the United Nations, Greece was the tenth member to join the European Communities (precursor to the European Union) and has been part of the Eurozone since 2001. It is also a member of numerous other international institutions, including the Council of Europe, NATO,[a] OECD, OIF, OSCE and the WTO. Greece, which is one of the world's largest shipping powers, middle powers and top tourist destinations, has the largest economy in the Balkans, where it is an important regional investor.

[Paragraph 66] George M. Steinbrenner Field
George M. Steinbrenner Field serves as the home of the Tampa Tarpons, the New York Yankees' affiliate in the Class A Advanced Florida State League, and is the Yankees' spring training home.

[Paragraph 67] Nu Image
Nu Image is an American film company started by Avi Lerner, Trevor Short, Danny Dimbort and Danny Lerner in 1992. The company has made to date mostly action films. Many of their films are often filmed in South Africa and Bulgaria, among other parts of the world. In 1996, the company launched a subsidiary label called Millennium Films.

[Paragraph 68] Swift (programming language)
Apple intended Swift to support many core concepts associated with Objective-C, notably dynamic dispatch, widespread late binding, extensible programming and similar features, but in a "safer" way, making it easier to catch software bugs; Swift has features addressing some common programming errors like null pointer dereferencing and provides syntactic sugar to help avoid the pyramid of doom. Swift supports the concept of protocol extensibility, an extensibility system that can be applied to types, structs and classes, which Apple promotes as a real change in programming paradigms they term "protocol-oriented programming" (similar to traits).

[Paragraph 69] Le'Veon Bell
Le'Veon Andrew Bell Sr. ( ; born February 18, 1992) is an American football running back for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Michigan State, and was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the second round of the 2013 NFL Draft.

[Paragraph 70] Winter Olympic Games
The Olympic Winter Games (official name) (French: Jeux olympiques d'hiver) is a major international sporting event held once every four years, for sports practised on snow and ice. The first Winter Olympics, the 1924 Winter Olympics, was held in Chamonix, France. The original five sports (broken into nine disciplines) were bobsleigh, curling, ice hockey, Nordic skiing (consisting of the disciplines military patrol, cross-country skiing, Nordic combined, and ski jumping), and skating (consisting of the disciplines figure skating and speed skating). The Games were held every four years from 1924 to 1936, interrupted in 1940 and 1944 by World War II, and resumed in 1948. Until 1992 the Winter and Summer Olympic Games were held in the same years, but in accordance with a 1986 decision by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to place the Summer and Winter Games on separate four - year cycles in alternating even - numbered years, the next Winter Olympics after 1992 was in 1994.

[Paragraph 71] Mad World
``Mad World ''Single by Tears for Fears from the album The Hurting B - side`` Ideas as Opiates'' ``Saxophones as Opiates ''(12``) Released 20 September 1982 Format 7'' 12 ''Recorded 1982 Genre New wave, synth - pop Length 3: 32 Label Phonogram Mercury Songwriter (s) Roland Orzabal Producer (s) Chris Hughes Ross Cullum Tears for Fears singles chronology ``Pale Shelter (You Do n't Give Me Love)'' (1982)`` Mad World ''(1982) ``Change'' (1983)`` Pale Shelter (You Do n't Give Me Love) ''(1982) ``Mad World'' (1982)`` Change ''(1983) Audio sample file help

[Paragraph 72] J.League Jikkyō Winning Eleven 2001
J-League Jikkyō Winning Eleven 2001 is a sports video game developed by Konami for the PlayStation exclusively in Japan on June 2001. It is an addition to the Winning Eleven J-League series, and the successor to the J-League Winning Eleven 2000. The game only features club teams (no national teams) and teams from both tiers of the J. League totalling 28 teams. The game also features seven foreign teams from the European football leagues.The game uses the ISS Pro Evolution 2 engine.

[Paragraph 73] Asphalt
In 1914, Claridge's Company entered into a joint venture to produce tar-bound macadam, with materials manufactured through a subsidiary company called Clarmac Roads Ltd. Two products resulted, namely Clarmac, and Clarphalte, with the former being manufactured by Clarmac Roads and the latter by Claridge's Patent Asphalte Co., although Clarmac was more widely used.[note 1] However, the First World War impacted financially on the Clarmac Company, which entered into liquidation in 1915. The failure of Clarmac Roads Ltd had a flow-on effect to Claridge's Company, which was itself compulsorily wound up, ceasing operations in 1917, having invested a substantial amount of funds into the new venture, both at the outset, and in a subsequent attempt to save the Clarmac Company.

[Paragraph 74] Sakishima Islands
The (or 先島群島, "Sakishima-guntō") (Okinawan: "Sachishima", Miyako: "Saksїzїma", Yaeyama: "Sakїzїma", Yonaguni: "Satichima") are an archipelago located at the southernmost end of the Japanese Archipelago. They are part of the Ryukyu Islands and include the Miyako Islands and the Yaeyama Islands. The islands are administered as part of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.

[Paragraph 75] Asaluyeh Rural District
Asaluyeh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population (including those portions later split off to form Akhand Rural District) was 31,319, in 2,476 families; excluding those portions, the population (as of 2006) was 27,228, in 1,763 families. The rural district has 4 villages.

[Paragraph 76] Münsterplatz (Bern)
The Münsterplatz is a plaza in the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland. It is part of the Zähringerstadt which was built during the foundation of the old city in 1191. It is located in front of the Cathedral and it is part of the UNESCO Cultural World Heritage Site that encompasses the Old City.

[Paragraph 77] Mellow Madness
Mellow Madness is a 1975 studio album by Quincy Jones. This was Jones' first album recorded since treatment for a cerebral aneurysm. The album also featured an early appearance by The Brothers Johnson.

[Paragraph 78] Graduate First
Graduate First () is a 1978 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Sabine Haudepin. The film is set in the north of France, in Lens, in a region profoundly affected by unemployment - the students, from modest backgrounds, try to forget their fears of what tomorrow will bring.

[Paragraph 79] Neff's Mill Covered Bridge
The Neff's Mill Covered Bridge or Bowman's Mill Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans the Pequea Creek on the border between West Lampeter Township and Strasburg Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. A county-owned and maintained bridge, its official designation is the Pequea #7 Bridge.

[Paragraph 80] Necdet Öztorun
Necdet Öztorun (1924, Konya - 7 October 2010, Ankara) was a Turkish general. He was Commander of the First Army of Turkey (1983 - 1984) and then Commander of the Turkish Army (1985 - 1987).

[Paragraph 81] Luc Benoist
Luc Benoist (1893–1980) was a French essayist known as his pen name, Luc-Benoist. He published many books about the art history. He is interested in the spirituality and symbolism.

[Paragraph 82] Human Development Index
The origins of the HDI are found in the annual Human Development Reports produced by the Human Development Reports Office of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). These were devised and launched by Pakistani economist Mahbub ul Haq in 1990, and had the explicit purpose ``to shift the focus of development economics from national income accounting to people - centered policies ''. To produce the Human Development Reports, Mahbub ul Haq formed a group of development economists including Paul Streeten, Frances Stewart, Gustav Ranis, Keith Griffin, Farhan C.M, Sudhir Anand, and Meghnad Desai. Nobel laureate Amartya Sen utilized Haq's work in his own work on human capabilities. Haq believed that a simple composite measure of human development was needed to convince the public, academics, and politicians that they can and should evaluate development not only by economic advances but also improvements in human well - being.

[Paragraph 83] New England Patriots
The Patriots became the first team to reach ten Super Bowls in the 2017 -- 18 playoffs but lost to the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII, on February 4, 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

[Paragraph 84] Guinea-Bissau
In June 2005, presidential elections were held for the first time since the coup that deposed Ialá. Ialá returned as the candidate for the PRS, claiming to be the legitimate president of the country, but the election was won by former president João Bernardo Vieira, deposed in the 1999 coup. Vieira beat Malam Bacai Sanhá in a runoff election. Sanhá initially refused to concede, claiming that tampering and electoral fraud occurred in two constituencies including the capital, Bissau.

[Paragraph 85] Progress in Optics
Progress in Optics are a series of books edited by Emil Wolf published by Elsevier. They consist of collections of already published review articles deemed to be representative of the advances made in the fields of optics.

[Paragraph 86] Yulman Stadium
Yulman Stadium is the on-campus venue for football at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. It currently has a capacity of 30,000 spectators, with 4,500 premium seats in two fan clubs - the Westfeldt Terrace and the Jill H. and Avram A. Glazer Family Club. The stadium's first game and grand opening was the 2014 season's home opener against its former Southern and Southeastern Conference foe Georgia Tech on September 6, 2014.

[Paragraph 87] Crested Butte Wildflower Festival
The Crested Butte Wild Flower Festival is a week-long event that takes place annually in July in Crested Butte, Colorado, USA. The flower-focused festival includes hikes, tours, workshops and performances, and raises awareness of environmental issues, including the importance of preserving wild flowers in the city. Thousands of artists, vendors and people from all over the world gather in the town of Crested Butte for a weekend of art, food, dancing and music.

[Paragraph 88] Biblioteca Ayacucho
The Biblioteca Ayacucho ("Ayacucho Library") is an editorial entity of the government of Venezuela, founded on September 10, 1974. It is managed by the "Fundación Biblioteca Ayacucho". Its name, "Ayacucho", comes from the intention to honor the definitive and crucial Battle of Ayacucho that took place December 9, 1824 between Spain and the territories of the Americas, prior to the full independence of the continent.

[Paragraph 89] Mario Dumont
Mario Dumont (born May 19, 1970 in Saint-Georges-de-Cacouna, Quebec) is a television personality and former politician in Quebec, Canada. He was a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA), and the leader of the Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ), from 1994 to 2009. After the 2007 Quebec election, Dumont obtained the post of Leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly.

[Paragraph 90] Astronomical clock
The first clock was built between 1352 and 1354 and stopped working sometime at the beginning of the 16th century. A second clock was then built by Herlin, Conrad Dasypodius, the Habrecht brothers, and others, between 1547 and 1574. This clock stopped working in 1788 or 1789 (as it apparently stopped working gradually, each component being disconnected

[Paragraph 91] Uncompahgre River
The Uncompahgre River is a tributary of the Gunnison River, approximately 75 mi (121 km) long, in southwestern Colorado in the United States. Lake Como at 12,215 ft (3723m) in northern San Juan County, in the Uncompahgre National Forest in the northwestern San Juan Mountains is the headwaters of the river. It flows northwest past Ouray, Ridgway, Montrose, and Olathe and joins the Gunnison at Confluence Park in Delta.

[Paragraph 92] Rajya Sabha
Besides the Leader of the House, who is leading the majority, there is also a Leader of the Opposition (LOP) – leading the opposition parties. The function was only recognized in the Salary and Allowances of Leaders of the Opposition in Parliament Act, 1977. This is commonly the leader of the largest non-government party, and is recognized as such by the Chairman.

[Paragraph 93] Palace of Versailles
The Palace of Versailles (French: Château de Versailles; English: / vɛərˈsaɪ, vɜːr - / vair - SY, vur -; French: (vɛʁsaj)) was the principal royal residence of France from 1682 under Louis XIV until the start of the French Revolution in 1789 under Louis XVI. It is located in the department of Yvelines, in the region of Île - de-France, about 20 kilometres (12 miles) southwest of the centre of Paris.

[Paragraph 94] Ariana Grande
Grande's music career began in 2011 with the soundtrack Music from Victorious. In 2013, she released her first studio album Yours Truly, which entered atop the US Billboard 200. The album's lead single, ``The Way '', opened in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100, with critics comparing her wide vocal range to that of Mariah Carey.

[Paragraph 95] Liberia
In 2010, the literacy rate of Liberia was estimated at 60.8% (64.8% for males and 56.8% for females). In some areas primary and secondary education is free and compulsory from the ages of 6 to 16, though enforcement of attendance is lax. In other areas children are required to pay a tuition fee to attend school. On average, children attain 10 years of education (11 for boys and 8 for girls). The country's education sector is hampered by inadequate schools and supplies, as well as a lack of qualified teachers.

[Paragraph 96] Fast food restaurant
Some historians concur that A&W, which opened in 1919 and began franchising in 1921, was the first fast food restaurant (E. Tavares). Thus, the American company White Castle is generally credited with opening the second fast - food outlet in Wichita, Kansas in 1921, selling hamburgers for five cents apiece from its inception and spawning numerous competitors and emulators. What is certain, however, is that White Castle made the first significant effort to standardize the food production in, look of, and operation of fast - food hamburger restaurants. William Ingram's and Walter Anderson's White Castle System created the first fast food supply chain to provide meat, buns, paper goods, and other supplies to their restaurants, pioneered the concept of the multi-state hamburger restaurant chain, standardized the look and construction of the restaurants themselves, and even developed a construction division that manufactured and built the chain's prefabricated restaurant buildings. The McDonald's Speedee Service System and, much later, Ray Kroc's McDonald's outlets and Hamburger University all built on principles, systems and practices that White Castle had already established between 1923 and 1932.

[Paragraph 97] Caravaggio (1986 film)
Caravaggio is a 1986 British drama film directed by Derek Jarman. The film is a fictionalised re-telling of the life of Baroque painter Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio. It is the film debut of Tilda Swinton and Sean Bean.

[Paragraph 98] Motor City Motors
Motor City Motors is a garage based competition reality television show on the Discovery Channel hosted by the Detroit Brothers. During development, the show was referred to as "MG: Motor City", a successor to the similar Discovery show Monster Garage.

[Paragraph 99] Brusio spiral viaduct
A signature structure of the World Heritage-listed Bernina railway, it is located near Brusio, in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland, and was built to limit the railway's gradient at that location within its specified maximum of 7%.
