[Paragraph 0] Death Note (2017 film)
Nat Wolff as Light Turner / ``Kira '': A high - school student who discovers the titular`` Death Note'' and uses it to kill criminals by writing their names and causes of death, and thus, alongside Mia Sutton, becoming the world - famous serial killer known as ``Kira '', while praised by law enforcement.

[Paragraph 1] Visa requirements for New Zealand citizens
Visa requirements for New Zealand citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of New Zealand. As of 1 January 2017, New Zealand citizens had visa - free or visa on arrival access to 172 countries and territories, ranking the New Zealand passport 5th in terms of travel freedom (tied with Irish and Japanese passports) according to the Henley visa restrictions index.

[Paragraph 2] Better Call Saul (season 4)
The first and second seasons mainly took place in 2002, with season three advancing the storyline to 2003. The fourth season also takes place mainly in 2003, with the last three episodes taking place in 2004. In season four, Jimmy (Bob Odenkirk) and Kim (Rhea Seehorn) struggle to cope with Chuck's (Michael McKean) death. Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) believes that his decision to force Chuck out of HHM led to Chuck's death, and suffers with depression and disengagement from work. Mike (Jonathan Banks) performs security inspections at Madrigal, disregarding the fact that his consulting contract was supposed to be only a paper transaction. Gus (Giancarlo Esposito) has his suspicions about Nacho (Michael Mando) after Hector's (Mark Margolis) stroke. Nacho becomes a mole for Gus inside the Salamanca organization. Gus hires an engineer and construction crew to begin construction of the meth ``superlab ''under the industrial laundry. Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) arrives to begin running the family's drug business.

[Paragraph 3] Tiananmen Incident
The Tiananmen Incident took place on 5 April 1976, at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China. The incident occurred on the traditional day of mourning, the Qingming Festival, after the Nanjing Incident, and was triggered by the death of Premier Zhou Enlai earlier that year. Some people strongly disapproved of the removal of the displays of mourning, and began gathering in the Square to protest against the central authorities, then largely under the auspices of the Gang of Four, who ordered the Square to be cleared.

[Paragraph 4] Canonization of Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II
Pope John XXIII (25 November 1881 – 3 June 1963) and Pope John Paul II (18 May 1920 – 2 April 2005) reigned as popes of the Roman Catholic Church and the sovereigns of Vatican City (respectively from 1958 to 1963 and 1978 to 2005). Their canonizations were held on 27 April 2014. The decision to canonize was made official by Pope Francis on 5 July 2013 following the recognition of a miracle attributed to the intercession of John Paul II, while John XXIII was canonized for his merits of opening the Second Vatican Council. The date of the canonization was assigned on 30 September 2013.

[Paragraph 5] Capital punishment in the United States
Congress acted defiantly toward the Supreme Court by passing the Drug Kingpin Act of 1988 and the Federal Death Penalty Act of 1994 that made roughly fifty crimes punishable by death, including crimes that do not always involve the death of someone. Such non-death capital offenses include treason, espionage (spying for another country), and high-level drug trafficking. Since no one has yet been sentenced to death for such non-death capital offenses, the Supreme Court has not ruled on their constitutionality.

[Paragraph 6] Lord of the Nutcracker Men
Lord of the Nutcracker Men is a novel by Canadian author Iain Lawrence that takes place in England during the first year of World War I. The book was first published in October 2001 by the Delacorte Press, and it was later reprinted in May 2003 by Dell-Laurel Leaf, an imprint of a division of Random House, Inc. The book has become a bestseller, and is included in the required reading lists of many American high schools.

[Paragraph 7] Courtesy of the Red, White and Blue (The Angry American)
``Courtesy of the Red, White and Blue (The Angry American) ''is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith. The song was written in late 2001, and was inspired by Keith's father's death in March 2001, as well as the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States later that year. It was released in May 2002 as the lead single from the album, Unleashed. The song topped the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and reached number 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart becoming his biggest solo hit on that chart.

[Paragraph 8] Paul-Louis Halley
The inquest into the death of Paul-Louis Halley took place in Oxford, England, in late October 2005. A jury returned a verdict of accidental death.

[Paragraph 9] Joe Buff
Joe Buff is an American author of naval techno-thrillers, including the bestseller "Tidal Rip". Before becoming a full-time writer in 1997, he was an actuary for 20 years.

[Paragraph 10] Jane Leslie Conly
Jane Leslie Conly (born 1948) is an American author, the daughter of author Robert C. O'Brien. She started her literary work by finishing the manuscript for her father's "Z for Zachariah" in 1974 after his death.

[Paragraph 11] The Black Death (novel)
The Black Death is a Gothic novel by author Basil Copper. It was originally announced for publication by Arkham House but was ultimately published by Fedogan & Bremer in 1992 in an edition of 1,000 copies of which 100 were numbered and signed by the author and illustrator.

[Paragraph 12] Princeps pastorum
Princeps pastorum (Latin for 'Prince of the shepherds') is the title of an encyclical letter promulgated by Pope John XXIII on 28 November 1959. It is derived from a biblical passage: I Peter 5:4. In its English translation the letter opens with the phrase "On the day when "the Prince of the shepherds" entrusted to Us His lambs and sheep". It refers to Jesus Christ.

[Paragraph 13] History of Germany (1945–1990)
The intended governing body of Germany was called the Allied Control Council. The commanders - in - chief exercised supreme authority in their respective zones and acted in concert on questions affecting the whole country. Berlin, which lay in the Soviet (eastern) sector, was also divided into four sectors with the Western sectors later becoming West Berlin and the Soviet sector becoming East Berlin, capital of East Germany.

[Paragraph 14] Jean-Michel Iribarren
Jean-Michel Iribarren (born 13 February 1958) is a French author. He is the author of "L'insecte", a monologue in which the AIDS virus speaks and the author denounces the silence that surrounded the death of homosexuals at the beginning of epidemic.

[Paragraph 15] Engleby
Engleby is a novel by the author Sebastian Faulks. It tells the tale of a working-class boy who wins a place at an esteemed university and becomes a suspect in a murder investigation after the disappearance of a girl from a nearby college.

[Paragraph 16] Heresy
Within six years of the official criminalization of heresy by the Emperor, the first Christian heretic to be executed, Priscillian, was condemned in 386 by Roman secular officials for sorcery, and put to death with four or five followers. However, his accusers were excommunicated both by Ambrose of Milan and Pope Siricius, who opposed Priscillian's heresy, but "believed capital punishment to be inappropriate at best and usually unequivocally evil". For some years after the Reformation, Protestant churches were also known to execute those they considered heretics, including Catholics. The last known heretic executed by sentence of the Roman Catholic Church was Spanish schoolmaster Cayetano Ripoll in 1826. The number of people executed as heretics under the authority of the various "ecclesiastical authorities"[note 1] is not known.[note 2] One of the first examples of the word as translated from the Nag Hammadi's Apocalypse of Peter was" they will cleave to the name of a dead man thinking that they will become pure. But they will become greatly defiled and they will fall into the name of error and into the hands of an evil cunning man and a manifold dogma, and they will be ruled heretically".

[Paragraph 17] Primus inter pares
Primus inter pares (Ancient Greek: Πρῶτος μεταξὺ ἴσων, prōtos metaxỳ ísōn) is a Latin phrase meaning first among equals. It is typically used as an honorary title for those who are formally equal to other members of their group but are accorded unofficial respect, traditionally owing to their seniority in office. Historically, the princeps senatus of the Roman Senate was such a figure and initially bore only the distinction that he was allowed to speak first during debate. Also, Constantine the Great was given the role of primus inter pares. However, the term is also often used ironically or self - deprecatingly by leaders with much higher status as a form of respect, camaraderie, or propaganda. After the fall of the Republic, Roman emperors initially referred to themselves only as princeps despite having power of life and death over their ``fellow citizens ''. Various modern figures such as the Chair of the Federal Reserve, the prime minister of parliamentary regimes, the Federal President of Switzerland, the Chief Justice of the United States, the Archbishop of Canterbury of the Anglican Communion and the Ecumenical Patriarch of the Eastern Orthodox Church fall under both senses: bearing higher status and various additional powers while remaining still merely equal to their peers in important senses.

[Paragraph 18] Vatican City
The name Vatican city was first used in the Lateran Treaty, signed on 11 February 1929, which established the modern city - state. The name is taken from Vatican Hill, the geographic location of the state. ``Vatican ''is derived from the name of an Etruscan settlement, Vatica or Vaticum meaning garden, located in the general area the Romans called vaticanus ager,`` Vatican territory''.

[Paragraph 19] Love and Death in a Hot Country
A Hot Country (published as Love and Death in a Hot Country in the US) was the last novel to be written by Shiva Naipaul and also his shortest in length. It was published in 1983.
