[Paragraph 0] Moonraker (film)
At the Rio de Janeiro location, many months later, Roger Moore arrived several days later than scheduled for shooting due to recurrent health problems and an attack of kidney stones that he had suffered while in France. After arriving in Rio de Janeiro, Moore was immediately whisked off the plane and went straight to hair and make - up work, before reboarding the plane, to film the sequence with him arriving as James Bond in the film. Sugarloaf Mountain was a prominent location in the film, and during filming of the cable car sequence in which Bond and Goodhead are attacked by Jaws during mid-air transportation high above Rio de Janeiro, the stuntman Richard Graydon slipped and narrowly avoided falling to his death. For the scene in which Jaws bites into the steel tramway cable with his teeth, the cable was actually made of liquorice, although Richard Kiel was still required to use his steel dentures.

[Paragraph 1] Maitland, South Dakota
Maitland, originally called Garden City and sometimes misspelled Midland, is a ghost town in Lawrence County, South Dakota, United States. It was a mining community that boomed during the Black Hills Gold Rush, but was abandoned by about 1915.

[Paragraph 2] Oak Lawn, Illinois
Oak Lawn is a suburb of Chicago, located southwest of the city. It shares borders with the city in two areas, but is surrounded mostly by other suburbs.

[Paragraph 3] Virginia, Lempira
Virginia is located in Lempira Honduras and shares a border with El Salvador. Many Virginians travel to El Salvador to do their shopping, because the Honduran cities are far away from Virginia.

[Paragraph 4] California Gold Rush
Rumors of the discovery of gold were confirmed in March 1848 by San Francisco newspaper publisher and merchant Samuel Brannan. Brannan hurriedly set up a store to sell gold prospecting supplies, and walked through the streets of San Francisco, holding aloft a vial of gold, shouting ``Gold! Gold! Gold from the American River! ''

[Paragraph 5] Angle
In plane geometry, an angle is the figure formed by two rays, called the sides of the angle, sharing a common endpoint, called the vertex of the angle. Angles formed by two rays lie in a plane, but this plane does not have to be a Euclidean plane. Angles are also formed by the intersection of two planes in Euclidean and other spaces. These are called dihedral angles. Angles formed by the intersection of two curves in a plane are defined as the angle determined by the tangent rays at the point of intersection. Similar statements hold in space, for example, the spherical angle formed by two great circles on a sphere is the dihedral angle between the planes determined by the great circles.

[Paragraph 6] Cold shoulder
``Cold shoulder ''is a phrase used to express dismissal or the act of disregarding someone. Its origin is attributed to both 19th - century literary works and as a result of folk etymology.

[Paragraph 7] Black Hill, Victoria
Black Hill is a suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia in the northeast of the city. It is named after the major landmark, Black Hill, on which there was extensive and highly profitable open-cut gold mining from the early 1850s during the Victoria gold rush. The hill was originally given its indigenous name, Bowdun, by surveyor William Urquhart.

[Paragraph 8] Tom Swift in the City of Gold
Tom Swift in the City of Gold, or, or, Marvelous Adventures Underground, is Volume 11 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.

[Paragraph 9] Atlantic City, Wyoming
Atlantic City is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fremont County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 37 at the 2010 census. The community is a small mining settlement in a gulch near South Pass in southwestern Wyoming. It was founded as a mining camp following the 1867 gold rush in the region. The town declined following the end of the placer gold rush in the early 1870s, but continued to exist as advances in mining technology allowed further extraction of gold. From the 1960s until 1983, it was the location of US Steel iron ore mine. The town is accessible by gravel roads from nearby Wyoming Highway 28.

[Paragraph 10] War on Terror
On the morning of 11 September 2001, 19 men affiliated with al-Qaeda hijacked four airliners all bound for California. Once the hijackers assumed control of the airliners, they told the passengers that they had the bomb on board and would spare the lives of passengers and crew once their demands were met – no passenger and crew actually suspected that they would use the airliners as suicide weapons since it had never happened before in history. The hijackers – members of al-Qaeda's Hamburg cell – intentionally crashed two airliners into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York City. Both buildings collapsed within two hours from fire damage related to the crashes, destroying nearby buildings and damaging others. The hijackers crashed a third airliner into the Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia, just outside Washington D.C. The fourth plane crashed into a field near Shanksville, Pennsylvania, after some of its passengers and flight crew attempted to retake control of the plane, which the hijackers had redirected toward Washington D.C., to target the White House, or the U.S. Capitol. No flights had survivors. A total of 2,977 victims and the 19 hijackers perished in the attacks.

[Paragraph 11] Melbourne
The discovery of gold in Victoria in mid 1851 led to the Victorian gold rush, and Melbourne, which served as the major port and provided most services for the region, experienced rapid growth. Within months, the city's population had increased by nearly three-quarters, from 25,000 to 40,000 inhabitants. Thereafter, growth was exponential and by 1865, Melbourne had overtaken Sydney as Australia's most populous city. Additionally, Melbourne along with the Victorian regional cities of Ballarat and Geelong became the wealthiest cities in the world during the Gold Rush era.

[Paragraph 12] Plane Space
Plane Space was a contemporary art gallery located in the Greenwich Village district of Manhattan. The gallery featured mixed media work by emerging to mid-career artists in the U.S. and abroad.

[Paragraph 13] Mount Bosworth
Mount Bosworth is located in the Canadian Rockies on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. The mountain is situated immediately northwest of Kicking Horse Pass and straddles the shared border of Banff National Park with Yoho National Park. It was named in 1903 after George Morris Bosworth, an executive and long-time employee of the Canadian Pacific Railway.

[Paragraph 14] Kangaroo court
The term kangaroo court is often erroneously believed to have its origin from Australia's courts while it was a penal colony. However, the first published instance of the term is from an American source in the year 1853. Some sources suggest that it may have been popularized during the California Gold Rush of 1849, along with mustang court, as a description of the hastily carried - out proceedings used to deal with the issue of claim jumping miners. Ostensibly the term comes from the notion of justice proceeding ``by leaps '', like a kangaroo -- in other words,`` jumping over'' (intentionally ignoring) evidence that would be in favour of the defendant. Another possibility is that the phrase could refer to the pouch of a kangaroo, meaning the court is in someone's pocket. The phrase is popular in the UK, US, Australia and New Zealand and is still in common use.

[Paragraph 15] Gold reserve
Top 20 according to World Gold Council's latest rankings (as at September 2017) Rank Country / Organization Gold holdings (in tonnes) Gold's share of forex reserves United States 8,133.5 74.6% Germany 3,374.1 69.1% International Monetary Fund 2,814.0 N / A Italy 2,451.8 67.2% 5 France 2,435.9 65.0% 6 China 1,842.6 2.4% 7 Russia 1,729.4 16.8% 8 Switzerland 1,040.0 5.5% 9 Japan 765.2 2.5% 10 Netherlands 612.5 66.0% 11 India 557.8 5.8% 12 European Central Bank 504.8 24.0% 13 Turkey 482.9 18.3% 14 Taiwan 423.6 3.7% 15 Portugal 382.5 58.6% 16 Saudi Arabia 322.9 2.6% 17 United Kingdom 310.3 7.2% 18 Lebanon 286.8 21.6% 19 Spain 281.6 17.5% 20 Kazakhstan 280.9 34.8%

[Paragraph 16] History of Sacramento, California
The history of Sacramento, California, began with its founding by Samuel Brannan and John Augustus Sutter, Jr. in 1848 around an embarcadero that his father, John Sutter, Sr. constructed at the confluence of the American and Sacramento Rivers a few years prior.

[Paragraph 17] Klondike Gold Rush
The Klondike Gold Rush was a migration by an estimated 100,000 prospectors to the Klondike region of the Yukon in north - western Canada between 1896 and 1899. Gold was discovered there by local miners on August 16, 1896, and, when news reached Seattle and San Francisco the following year, it triggered a stampede of prospectors. Some became wealthy, but the majority went in vain. It has been immortalized in photographs, books, films, and artifacts.

[Paragraph 18] Rio Linda High School
Rio Linda High School is a high school located in Rio Linda, Sacramento, CA. It has an enrollment of 2,035 students. It is part of the Twin Rivers Unified School District, and was formerly part of the Grant Unified School District.

[Paragraph 19] Coldspring House
Coldspring House is an unincorporated locality and former roadhouse on the Cariboo Wagon Road in the Cariboo Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada. Located just east of the confluence of Lightning Creek and the Swift River between Quesnel and Barkerville along that route. Only 8 km east along that road from Cottonwood House, another roadhouse still operating as a store and campground today, as well as a provincial heritage property with a small museum. Just farther along the route, which is today's BC Highway 26, is Beaver Pass House. All date from the era of the Cariboo Gold Rush and were busy stopping places for travellers going to and from the goldfields.

[Paragraph 20] Universities' Mission to Central Africa
To advance these goals, it sought to send a mission led by a bishop into Central Africa; Charles Mackenzie was duly consecrated in 1860 and led an expedition in 1861 up the Zambezi into the Shire Highlands. This first expedition was more or less disastrous. The area chosen as a base, near Lake Nyasa (Lake Malawi), proved highly malarial; Bishop Mackenzie died there of the disease on 31 January 1862, along with many local people and three others among the tiny missionary party. Early conversion efforts from this base yielded little result, and supplies ran out or were destroyed during a period of famine. The mission then withdrew from the area, abandoning the graves of the missionaries who had died there, and though it established a new presence in Zanzibar many years passed before it returned to Malawi. Bishop Tozer, Mackenzie's successor, deemed the mission's early years ``a miserable failure ''.

[Paragraph 21] Otto Binswanger
Otto Ludwig Binswanger (; ; October 14, 1852 in Scherzingen, Münsterlingen – July 15, 1929 in Kreuzlingen) was a Swiss psychiatrist and neurologist who came from a famous family of physicians; his father was founder of the Kreuzlingen Sanatorium, and he was uncle to Ludwig Binswanger (1881–1966) who was a major figure in the existential psychology movement. He was brother-in-law to physiotherapist Heinrich Averbeck (1844–1889). Other notable family members include his son in law, Hans-Constantin Paulssen, the first president of the German Confederation of German Employers' Associations.

[Paragraph 22] Hor Nambora
Hor Nambora (or Nam Bora, born 27 July 1957) is the ambassador of Cambodia to the United Kingdom, Ireland, the Nordic countries and Ethiopia . His father is Cambodian diplomat and politician Hor Namhong.

[Paragraph 23] Ting Kau
Ting Kau () is an area in west Tsuen Wan District, New Territories, Hong Kong. Ting Kau Village is a village near the shore. The beach nearby, Ting Kau Beach was once a popular beach in Hong Kong. The water quality affected by the treated water injected into Victoria Harbour.

[Paragraph 24] Nikitaras
The date and place of Nikitaras' birth are disputed, but he is thought to have been born either in the village of Nedoussa (Νέδουσα) in the Peloponnesian province of Messenia or in Leontari in Arcadia circa 1784. He was a nephew of Theodoros Kolokotronis, the most important Greek military leader of the Revolution. Turkish authorities tried to capture him, as well as Kolokotronis, but he escaped and joined his uncle in the British-held Ionian Islands.

[Paragraph 25] Rose Township, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania
Rose Township is a township in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,249 at the 2010 census. It was named for a prominent citizen named Dr. Rose.

[Paragraph 26] History of public relations
Most textbooks date the establishment of the ``Publicity Bureau ''in 1900 as the start of the modern public relations (PR) profession. Of course, there were many early forms of public influence and communications management in history. Basil Clarke is considered the founder of the public relations profession in Britain with his establishment of Editorial Services in 1924. Academic Noel Turnball points out that systematic PR was employed in Britain first by religious evangelicals and Victorian reformers, especially opponents of slavery. In each case the early promoters focused on their particular movement and were not for hire more generally.

[Paragraph 27] You'd Prefer an Astronaut
You'd Prefer an Astronaut is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Hum, released on April 11, 1995 by RCA Records as their major label debut. The title of the album is a lyric lifted from the song "I'd Like Your Hair Long".

[Paragraph 28] Forbes' list of the world's highest-paid athletes
Rank Name Sport Nation Total Salary / Winnings Endorsements Cristiano Ronaldo Football Portugal $93 million $58 million $35 million LeBron James Basketball United States $86.2 million $31.2 million $55 million Lionel Messi Football Argentina $80 million $53 million $27 million Roger Federer Tennis Switzerland $64 million $6 million $58 million 5 Kevin Durant Basketball United States $60.6 million $26.6 million $34 million 6 Andrew Luck American football United States $50 million $47 million $3 million 6 Rory McIlroy Golf Northern Ireland $50 million $16 million $34 million 8 Stephen Curry Basketball United States $47.3 million $12.3 million $35 million 9 James Harden Basketball United States $46.6 million $26.6 million $20 million 10 Lewis Hamilton Auto racing England $46 million $38 million $8 million

[Paragraph 29] Penny Princess
Penny Princess is a 1952 British Technicolor comedy written and directed by Val Guest for his own production company, Conquest Productions. The film stars his future wife Yolande Donlan, who was Guest's production company partner, and features Reginald Beckwith, the other partner in Conquest Productions. Dirk Bogarde plays the leading man.

[Paragraph 30] Human Rights Act 1998
The Human Rights Act 1998 (c42) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which received Royal Assent on 9 November 1998, and mostly came into force on 2 October 2000. Its aim was to incorporate into UK law the rights contained in the European Convention on Human Rights. The Act makes a remedy for breach of a Convention right available in UK courts, without the need to go to the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) in Strasbourg.

[Paragraph 31] Jan Garbarek
Garbarek was born in Mysen, Norway, the only child of a former Polish prisoner of war, Czesław Garbarek, and a Norwegian farmer's daughter. He grew up in Oslo, stateless until the age of seven, as there was no automatic grant of citizenship in Norway at the time. When he was 21, he married Vigdis. He is the father of musician and composer Anja Garbarek.

[Paragraph 32] Tudor's Biscuit World
Tudor's Biscuit World is a restaurant chain and franchise based in Huntington, West Virginia, most commonly found in West Virginia. Many West Virginia locations share a building with Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti, although the chain is more extensive than Gino's (which is exclusive to West Virginia), having locations in southern Ohio, eastern Kentucky, and southwestern Virginia. In 2016 a franchise was opened in Panama City, Florida.

[Paragraph 33] Steinlauihorn
The Steinlauihorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, overlooking Handegg in the Bernese Oberland. It lies south of the Ritzlihorn, on the range separating the valley of the Gauli Glacier from the main Aar valley.

[Paragraph 34] Turnham Green tube station
Turnham Green is a London Underground station in Chiswick of the London Borough of Hounslow, west London. The station is served by the District and Piccadilly lines although currently Piccadilly line trains normally stop at the station only at the beginning and end of the day, running through non-stop at other times. To the east, District line trains stop at Stamford Brook and Piccadilly line trains stop at Hammersmith. To the west, District line trains run to either Chiswick Park or Gunnersbury and Piccadilly line trains stop at Acton Town. The station is in both Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3.

[Paragraph 35] Biysky District
Biysky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-nine in Altai Krai, Russia. It is located in the east of the krai and borders with Zonalny, Tselinny, Soltonsky, Krasnogorsky, Sovetsky, and Smolensky Districts, as well as with the territory of the City of Biysk. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the city of Biysk (which is not administratively a part of the district). District's population:

[Paragraph 36] David Weatherall
He was educated at Calday Grange Grammar School and then attended Medical School at the University of Liverpool where he served as Treasurer of the Liverpool Medical Students Society in 1954.

[Paragraph 37] Misrikh (Lok Sabha constituency)
Misrikh Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 80 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.

[Paragraph 38] List of countries by lithium production
Rank Country / Region lithium mine production (tonnes) World 36,000 Australia 14,300 Chile 12,000 Argentina 5,700 China 2,000 Zimbabwe 900 6 Portugal 200 7 Brazil 200

[Paragraph 39] Alcohol laws of New York
In response to the National Minimum Drinking Age Act in 1984, which reduced by up to 10% the federal highway funding of any state which did not have a minimum purchasing age of 21, the New York Legislature raised the drinking age from 19 to 21, effective December 1, 1985. (The drinking age had been 18 for many years before the first raise on December 4th, 1982, to 19.) Persons under 21 are prohibited from purchasing alcohol or possessing alcohol with the intent to consume, unless the alcohol was given to that person by their parent or legal guardian. There is no law prohibiting where people under 21 may possess or consume alcohol that was given to them by their parents. Persons under 21 are prohibited from having a blood alcohol level of 0.02% or higher while driving.

[Paragraph 40] Ambroise Dupont
Ambroise Dupont (born 11 May 1937) is a French politician and a former member of the Senate of France. He represented the Calvados department as a member of UMP political party.

[Paragraph 41] Chasing Cars
``Chasing Cars ''is a song by Northern Irish - Scottish alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released as the second single from their fourth studio album, Eyes Open (2006). It was recorded in 2005 and released on 6 June 2006 in the United States and 24 July 2006 in the United Kingdom. The song gained significant popularity in the US after being featured in the second season finale of the popular medical drama Grey's Anatomy, which aired on 15 May 2006.

[Paragraph 42] Falls High School
Falls High School is a public high school located in International Falls, Minnesota. The school's class ring design is the oldest class ring tradition in the United States, dating back to 1929. As of 2014 approximately 600 students attend classes in the school. Every grade level ranges from 70-100 students. In the Fall of 2014 the school changed policies and changed over from a 6 period day to a 7 period day. The students have 5 minutes between each class to maneuver to the next one.

[Paragraph 43] Kanye West
In September 2013, West was widely rebuked by human rights groups for performing in Kazakhstan at the wedding of authoritarian President Nursultan Nazarbayev's grandson. He traveled to Kazakhstan, which has one of the poorest human rights records in the world, as a personal guest of Nazarbayev. Other notable Western performers, including Sting, have previously cancelled performances in the country over human rights concerns. West was reportedly paid US$3 million for his performance. West had previously participated in cultural boycotts, joining Shakira and Rage Against The Machine in refusing to perform in Arizona after the 2010 implementation of stop and search laws directed against potential illegal aliens.

[Paragraph 44] Adolescence
Research has generally shown striking uniformity across different cultures in the motives behind teen alcohol use. Social engagement and personal enjoyment appear to play a fairly universal role in adolescents' decision to drink throughout separate cultural contexts. Surveys conducted in Argentina, Hong Kong, and Canada have each indicated the most common reason for drinking among adolescents to relate to pleasure and recreation; 80% of Argentinian teens reported drinking for enjoyment, while only 7% drank to improve a bad mood. The most prevalent answers among Canadian adolescents were to "get in a party mood," 18%; "because I enjoy it," 16%; and "to get drunk," 10%. In Hong Kong, female participants most frequently reported drinking for social enjoyment, while males most frequently reported drinking to feel the effects of alcohol.

[Paragraph 45] Son of a Preacher Man
``Son of a Preacher Man ''is a song written and composed by John Hurley and Ronnie Wilkins and recorded by British singer Dusty Springfield in September 1968 for the album Dusty in Memphis.

[Paragraph 46] Treaty of Aynalıkavak
Treaty of Aynalıkavak was a treaty between Ottoman Empire and Russian Empire signed on March 10, 1779. The formal name is Aynalıkavak bond of arbitration (). Aynalıkavak is a palace in Istanbul where the treaty was signed.

[Paragraph 47] Konstantina Kouneva
Konstantina Kouneva (, born 28 September 1964), also known as Kostadinka Kuneva (), is a Bulgarian immigrant in Greece, trade unionist and secretary of the Greek Trade Union of Cleaners and Housekeepers. She was elected as a MEP in the 2014 European Parliament elections.

[Paragraph 48] Minnie and Moskowitz
Minnie and Moskowitz is a 1971 film by John Cassavetes, starring his wife, Gena Rowlands, and actor Seymour Cassel in the title roles of Minnie and Moskowitz, respectively.

[Paragraph 49] The Bronx
Since then, the Bronx has always supported the Democratic Party's nominee for President, starting with a vote of 2-1 for the unsuccessful Al Smith in 1928, followed by four 2-1 votes for the successful Franklin D. Roosevelt. (Both had been Governors of New York, but Republican former Gov. Thomas E. Dewey won only 28% of the Bronx's vote in 1948 against 55% for Pres. Harry Truman, the winning Democrat, and 17% for Henry A. Wallace of the Progressives. It was only 32 years earlier, by contrast, that another Republican former Governor who narrowly lost the Presidency, Charles Evans Hughes, had won 42.6% of the Bronx's 1916 vote against Democratic President Woodrow Wilson's 49.8% and Socialist candidate Allan Benson's 7.3%.)

[Paragraph 50] Paul Jordan (artist)
Paul Jordan (November 24, 1916, Krakow, Austria-Hungary – November 7, 2006) was a Poland-born American Lyrical expressionist painter, journalist and memoirist. His birth name and the cause of death are not currently known.

[Paragraph 51] Abraham H. Esbenshade House
The Abraham H. Esbenshade House is located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

[Paragraph 52] Princess Juliana International Airport
Princess Juliana International Airport is the main airport on the Caribbean island of Saint Martin/Sint Maarten. The airport is located on the Dutch side of the island, in the country of Sint Maarten. In 2015, the airport handled 1,829,543 passengers and around 60,000 aircraft movements. The airport serves as a hub for Windward Islands Airways and is the major gateway for the smaller Leeward Islands, including Anguilla, Saba, St. Barthélemy and St. Eustatius. It is named after Queen Juliana, who landed here while still only heir presumptive in 1944, the year after the airport opened. The airport has very low-altitude flyover landing approaches, owing to one end of its runway being extremely close to the shore and Maho Beach. There is also an airport on the French side of the island, in the French Collectivity of Saint Martin, called Aéroport de Grand Case or L'Espérance Airport.

[Paragraph 53] Jacksonville, Florida
As of 2010[update], there were 366,273 households out of which 11.8% were vacant. 23.9% of households had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were married couples, 15.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.4% were non-families. 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.21. In the city, the population was spread out with 23.9% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 10.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.5 years. For every 100 females there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.3 males.

[Paragraph 54] Olonkho
Olonkho (, , , ) is a heroic epic tale of the Yakuts and one of the oldest epic arts of the Turkic peoples. The term refers to the entire Sakha epic tradition as well as its central epic.

[Paragraph 55] OK to Go
OK to Go is the fifth album by rock band Virginia Coalition. This was the first album after founding member Steve Dawson parted with the band. The album contains re-vamped versions of "Rock and Roll Party"'s "Come and Go" and "Walk to Work".

[Paragraph 56] Near East
If the British Empire was now going to side with the Russian Empire, the Ottoman Empire had no choice but to cultivate a relationship with the Austro-Hungarian Empire, which was supported by the German Empire. In a few years these alignments became the Triple Entente and the Triple Alliance (already formed in 1882), which were in part a cause of World War I. By its end in 1918 three empires were gone, a fourth was about to fall to revolution, and two more, the British and French, were forced to yield in revolutions started under the aegis of their own ideologies.

[Paragraph 57] Tennessee
Tennessee is home to several Protestant denominations, such as the National Baptist Convention (headquartered in Nashville); the Church of God in Christ and the Cumberland Presbyterian Church (both headquartered in Memphis); the Church of God and The Church of God of Prophecy (both headquartered in Cleveland). The Free Will Baptist denomination is headquartered in Antioch; its main Bible college is in Nashville. The Southern Baptist Convention maintains its general headquarters in Nashville. Publishing houses of several denominations are located in Nashville.

[Paragraph 58] Kushk-e Khaleseh-ye Bala
Kushk-e Khaleseh-ye Bala (, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Khāleşeh-ye Bālā and Kūshk-e Khāleseh Bālā; also known as Kūshk-e Bālā) is a village in Lajran Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 692, in 200 families.

[Paragraph 59] New York City
New York is also a major center for non-commercial educational media. The oldest public-access television channel in the United States is the Manhattan Neighborhood Network, founded in 1971. WNET is the city's major public television station and a primary source of national Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) television programming. WNYC, a public radio station owned by the city until 1997, has the largest public radio audience in the United States.

[Paragraph 60] TMG EV P001
The TMG EV P001 is a road-legal electric vehicle developed by Toyota Motorsport GmbH. It is based on a Radical chassis as modified for e-Wolf, with two EVO Electric axial flux motors powered by a lithium-ceramic battery pack. It was developed originally for a customer in 2010.

[Paragraph 61] Qing dynasty
After conquering "China proper", the Manchus identified their state as "China" (中國, Zhōngguó; "Middle Kingdom"), and referred to it as Dulimbai Gurun in Manchu (Dulimbai means "central" or "middle," gurun means "nation" or "state"). The emperors equated the lands of the Qing state (including present day Northeast China, Xinjiang, Mongolia, Tibet and other areas) as "China" in both the Chinese and Manchu languages, defining China as a multi-ethnic state, and rejecting the idea that "China" only meant Han areas. The Qing emperors proclaimed that both Han and non-Han peoples were part of "China." They used both "China" and "Qing" to refer to their state in official documents, international treaties (as the Qing was known internationally as "China" or the "Chinese Empire") and foreign affairs, and "Chinese language" (Dulimbai gurun i bithe) included Chinese, Manchu, and Mongol languages, and "Chinese people" (中國之人 Zhōngguó zhī rén; Manchu: Dulimbai gurun i niyalma) referred to all subjects of the empire. In the Chinese-language versions of its treaties and its maps of the world, the Qing government used "Qing" and "China" interchangeably.

[Paragraph 62] Place Carnot
During the First Empire, the square was named Place des Victoires. The name was changed to Place Louis XVI under Charles X, then Place Louis XVIII (1821–48), Place de la Liberté (1848), Place de la République (1848–49), Place Napoléon (1849–71) and Place Perrache (1871–89). The name Place Carnot was officially assigned by the Municipal Council on 18 February 1889, in honor of Lazare Carnot, a Hero of the Revolution.

[Paragraph 63] Mosaic
Southern Italy was also part of the Norman kingdom but great mosaics did not survive in this area except the fine mosaic pavement of the Otranto Cathedral from 1166, with mosaics tied into a tree of life, mostly still preserved. The scenes depict biblical characters, warrior kings, medieval beasts, allegories of the months and working activity. Only fragments survived from the original mosaic decoration of Amalfi's Norman Cathedral. The mosaic ambos in the churches of Ravello prove that mosaic art was widespread in Southern Italy during the 11th–13th centuries.

[Paragraph 64] Josip Broz Tito
Because of its neutrality, Yugoslavia would often be rare among Communist countries to have diplomatic relations with right-wing, anti-Communist governments. For example, Yugoslavia was the only communist country allowed to have an embassy in Alfredo Stroessner's Paraguay. One notable exception to Yugoslavia's neutral stance toward anti-communist countries was Chile under Pinochet; Yugoslavia was one of many countries which severed diplomatic relations with Chile after Salvador Allende was overthrown. Yugoslavia also provided military aid and arms supplies to staunchly anti-Communist regimes such as that of Guatemala under Kjell Eugenio Laugerud García.

[Paragraph 65] Cape Lancaster
Cape Lancaster () is a cape forming the southern extremity of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. It was discovered by a German expedition under Eduard Dallmann, 1873–74. The cape was later sighted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99, under Gerlache, who named it for Albert Lancaster, Scientific Director of the Meteorological Service of the Royal Observatory of Belgium and a supporter of the expedition.

[Paragraph 66] Bruce, Mississippi
Bruce is a town situated along the Skuna River in Calhoun County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 1,939.

[Paragraph 67] Biysky District
Biysky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-nine in Altai Krai, Russia. It is located in the east of the krai and borders with Zonalny, Tselinny, Soltonsky, Krasnogorsky, Sovetsky, and Smolensky Districts, as well as with the territory of the City of Biysk. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the city of Biysk (which is not administratively a part of the district). District's population:

[Paragraph 68] Ernst Lubitsch
Ernst Lubitsch was born on January 29, 1892 in Berlin, Germany, the son of Anna (née Lindenstaedt) and Simon Lubitsch (), a tailor. His family was Ashkenazi Jewish, his father born in Grodno in the Russian Empire and his mother from Wriezen (Oder), outside Berlin. He turned his back on his father's tailoring business to enter the theater, and by 1911, he was a member of Max Reinhardt's Deutsches Theater.

[Paragraph 69] 51st state
In November 2012, a referendum resulted in 54 percent of respondents voting to reject the current status under the territorial clause of the U.S. Constitution, while a second question resulted in 61 percent of voters identifying statehood as the preferred alternative to the current territorial status. The 2012 referendum was by far the most successful referendum for statehood advocates and support for statehood has risen in each successive popular referendum. However, more than one in four voters abstained from answering the question on the preferred alternative status. Statehood opponents have argued that the statehood option garnered only 45 percent of the votes if abstentions are included. If abstentions are considered, the result of the referendum is much closer to 44 percent for statehood, a number that falls under the 50 percent majority mark.

[Paragraph 70] Rashtriya Swabhiman Party
The Rashtriya Swabhiman Party (RSP) is a political party in India, previously known as Lok Parivartan Party (LPP). Some of the members from the group are related to the Bahujan Samaj Swabhiman Sangharsh Samiti (BS-4).

[Paragraph 71] DKW Junior
The DKW Junior was a small front wheel drive saloon manufactured by Auto Union AG. The car received a positive reaction when first exhibited, initially badged as the DKW 600, at the Frankfurt Motor Show in March 1957. The ‘Junior’ name was given to the (by now) DKW 750 in 1959 when the car went into volume production, but failed to survive an upgrade in January 1963, after which the car was known as the DKW F12. In addition to the saloon, a pretty ‘F12 Roadster’ (cabriolet version) was produced in limited numbers.

[Paragraph 72] Ash vs Evil Dead
Dana DeLorenzo as Kelly Maxwell / Sorceress Kaya: An occasionally moody and initially reluctant young woman, Kelly is dragged into the fight against evil with Ash and Pablo after she is orphaned. She and her family are Jewish, and she temporarily worked at the Value Stop with Ash and Pablo. Her mother died in a car accident some six months prior to the beginning of the series.

[Paragraph 73] EuroAirport Basel Mulhouse Freiburg
With Switzerland joining the Schengen Treaty in March 2009, the air side was rearranged to include a Schengen and non-Schengen zone. As border control is staffed by both Swiss and French border officers, passengers departing to or arriving from non-Schengen countries may receive either a Swiss or French passport stamp, depending on which officer they happen to approach.

[Paragraph 74] Brigitte Foster-Hylton
Brigitte Foster-Hylton OD (born 7 November 1974 in Saint Elizabeth, Jamaica) is a Jamaican 100m hurdler. She was the World Champion over 100m hurdles in 2009.

[Paragraph 75] Maniac Magee (film)
On the East End, Jeffrey runs by a school and meets with a black girl his age named Amanda Beale (Kyla Pratt). Jeffrey first assumes she's running away since she's carrying a large suitcase, but Amanda tells him that it's her luggage of various books. Amanda asks Jeffrey if he knows where he is given his skin color and Jeffrey tells her no. Afterwards, he urges her to let him borrow a book to read and promises to bring it back to her. Jeffrey goes to read the book under a tree and catches the eye of a bully Mars Bar Thompson (Orlando Brown) and his friend Bump Gilliam (Shan Elliot). Mars goes to pick a fight with Jeffrey, ripping the page out of Amanda's book in the process. Amanda comes over and scolds Mars for doing that and sends him away. Amanda takes Jeffrey over to her house so he can fix her book. He tapes it up perfectly Amanda could barely see where it was torn at. Jeffrey meets Amanda's mother Martha (Rolonda Watts) who assumes Jeffrey is n't from the area. When Amanda asks if he can stay for dinner, her mother does n't allow it until her younger children, boy and girl twins Lester and Ester, urges that they want him to stay around. After dinner, Mr. Beale (Richard Lawson) goes to drive Jeffrey home only to discover along the way he does n't have a home to go to. He goes to take Jeffrey back to the house and has a talk with Martha showing concerns about him being there. Martha persuades him to let Jeffrey stay and wins him over. Jeffrey is allowed to stay for a while.

[Paragraph 76] Koeberg Alert
Koeberg Alert is an anti-nuclear activist organisation formed in 1983 as a local campaign against South Africa's nuclear programme, in particular the construction of Koeberg Nuclear Power Station. It is possibly the country's first activist green movement, apart from Nan Rice's Dolphin Action and Protection Group. For years it was allied to the broader democratic and anti-apartheid movement. It currently organises various anti-nuclear campaigns, as well as participates in the wider anti-war and peace movements.

[Paragraph 77] Collective Soul
Collective Soul is an American rock band originally from Stockbridge, Georgia. Now based in Atlanta, the group consists of lead vocalist Ed Roland, rhythm guitarist Dean Roland, bassist Will Turpin, drummer Johnny Rabb and lead guitarist Jesse Triplett.

[Paragraph 78] Make a Scene
Make a Scene is the fourth studio album by English singer and songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor, released in Russia on 18 April 2011 by Universal Music Group and in the United Kingdom on 13 June 2011 by Ellis-Bextor's own record label, EBGB's. It is her first studio album since "Trip the Light Fantastic" (2007).

[Paragraph 79] Boston
Boston's coastal location on the North Atlantic moderates its temperature, but makes the city very prone to Nor'easter weather systems that can produce much snow and rain. The city averages 43.8 inches (1,110 mm) of precipitation a year, with 43.8 inches (111 cm) of snowfall per season. Snowfall increases dramatically as one goes inland away from the city (especially north and west of the city)—away from the moderating influence of the ocean. Most snowfall occurs from December through March, as most years see no measurable snow in April and November, and snow is rare in May and October. There is also high year-to-year variability in snowfall; for instance, the winter of 2011–12 saw only 9.3 in (23.6 cm) of accumulating snow, but the previous winter, the corresponding figure was 81.0 in (2.06 m).[d]

[Paragraph 80] Pop That Booty
"Pop That Booty" is the third US and second UK single from Marques Houston's debut album, "MH". The video and single features a guest appearance from Jermaine Dupri. It is the third track on "MH" album.

[Paragraph 81] Tucson, Arizona
Much of Tucson's economic development has been centered on the development of the University of Arizona, which is currently the second largest employer in the city. Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, located on the southeastern edge of the city, also provides many jobs for Tucson residents. Its presence, as well as the presence of the US Army Intelligence Center (Fort Huachuca, the largest employer in the region in nearby Sierra Vista), has led to the development of a significant number of high-tech industries, including government contractors, in the area. The city of Tucson is also a major hub for the Union Pacific Railroad's Sunset Route that links the Los Angeles ports with the South/Southeast regions of the country.

[Paragraph 82] First National Bank of Mankato
The First National Bank of Mankato, also known as the Old First National Bank of Mankato and located at 229 South Front Street in Mankato, Minnesota, United States, is a fine example of Prairie School architecture in a commercial building, relating rural life to the development of downtown Mankato as a regional center of commerce and finance. The recently restored exterior is now part of the Mankato Civic Center, the Verizon Wireless Center.

[Paragraph 83] Brigham Young University
Many visitors to BYU, and Utah Valley as a whole, report being surprised by the culturally conservative environment. Brigham Young University's Honor Code, which all BYU students agree to follow as a condition of studying at BYU, prohibits the consumption of alcoholic beverages, tobacco, etc. As mentioned earlier, The Princeton Review has rated BYU the "#1 stone cold sober school" in the nation for several years running, an honor which the late LDS Church president Gordon B. Hinckley had commented on with pride. BYU's 2014 "#1 stone cold" sober rating marked the 17th year in a row that the school had earned that rating. BYU has used this and other honors awarded to the school to advertise itself to prospective students, showing that BYU is proud of the rating. According to the Uniform Crime Reports, incidents of crime in Provo are lower than the national average. Murder is rare, and robberies are about 1/10 the national average. Business Insider rated BYU as the #1 safest college campus in the nation.

[Paragraph 84] Alberico Gentili
Alberico Gentili (January 14, 1552June 19, 1608) was an Italian lawyer, jurist, and a former standing advocate to the Spanish Embassy in London, who served as the Regius professor of civil law at the University of Oxford for 21 years. Recognised as the founder of the science of international law alongside Francisco de Vitoria and Hugo Grotius, Gentili is perhaps one of the most influential people in legal education ever to have lived. He is one of the three men referred to as the "Father of international law". Gentili has been the earliest writer on public international law and the first person to split secularism from canon law and Roman Catholic theology. In 1587, he became the first non-English Regius Professor.

[Paragraph 85] USB
Two types of charging port exist: the charging downstream port (CDP), supporting data transfers as well, and the dedicated charging port (DCP), without data support. A portable device can recognize the type of USB port; on a dedicated charging port, the D+ and D− pins are shorted with a resistance not exceeding 200 ohms, while charging downstream ports provide additional detection logic so their presence can be determined by attached devices. (see ref pg. 2, Section 1.4.5, & Table 5-3 "Resistances"—pg. 29).

[Paragraph 86] Rushmore Cave
Rushmore Cave is the closest show cave to Mount Rushmore National Memorial in the United States. It contains a wide variety of natural formations. It is the ninth longest cave in South Dakota. It measures a distance of .

[Paragraph 87] House of Tudor
House of Tudor Tudor rose Country Kingdom of England Kingdom of Ireland Principality of Wales Origin Welsh Parent house Tudors of Penmynydd Founded 22 August 1485 Founder Henry VII Final ruler Elizabeth I Extinction 24 March 1603 Titles King of England King of Ireland King of France Lord of Ireland

[Paragraph 88] Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Universal Declaration of Human Rights Eleanor Roosevelt with the Spanish language version of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Created 1948 Ratified 10 December 1948 Location Palais de Chaillot, Paris Author (s) Draft Committee Purpose Human rights

[Paragraph 89] Luhrs Tower
Luhrs Tower is an Art Deco skyscraper office building in Downtown Phoenix, Arizona. It is located at the southeast corner of First Avenue and Jefferson Street, on the south side of the former Patriots Square Park.

[Paragraph 90] Mount Olive, Izard County, Arkansas
Mount Olive is an unincorporated community in Izard County, Arkansas, United States. Mount Olive is located on the White River, west-southwest of Melbourne.

[Paragraph 91] Left Grouping of the Valencian Country
Left Grouping of the Valencian Country (in Catalan: "Agrupament d'Esquerra del País Valencià") was a political group created in 1982 out of a nationalist splinter-group of the Communist Party of the Valencian Country (PCPV), the 'possibilist' sector of the Socialist Party of National Liberation of the Catalan Countries (PSAN) and independent leftwing nationalists. AEPV was registered as a political party. Soon after its foundation AEPV initiated cooperation with the Nationalist Party of the Valencian Country (PNPV) and the Left Unity of the Valencian Country (UEPV), with whom AEPV founded the coalition Valencian People's Union (UPV).

[Paragraph 92] 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay
Prompted by the chaotic torch relays in Western Europe and North America, the president of the International Olympic Committee, Jacques Rogge described the situation as a "crisis" for the organization and stated that any athletes displaying Tibetan flags at Olympic venues could be expelled from the games. though he stopped short of cancelling the relay altogether despite calls to do so by some IOC members. The outcome of the relay influenced the IOC's decision to scrap global relays in future editions of the games.

[Paragraph 93] History of mobile phones
Prior to 1973, mobile telephony was limited to phones installed in cars and other vehicles. Motorola was the first company to produce a handheld mobile phone. On April 3, 1973, Martin Cooper, a Motorola researcher and executive, made the first mobile telephone call from handheld subscriber equipment, placing a call to Dr. Joel S. Engel of Bell Labs, his rival. The prototype handheld phone used by Dr. Cooper weighed 1.1 kilograms (2.4 lb) and measured 23 by 13 by 4.5 centimetres (9.1 by 5.1 by 1.8 in). The prototype offered a talk time of just 30 minutes and took 10 hours to re-charge.

[Paragraph 94] Bogotá
Bogotá (/ ˈboʊɡətɑː /, / ˌbɒɡəˈtɑː /, / ˌboʊ - /; Spanish pronunciation: (boɣoˈta) (listen)), officially Bogotá, Distrito Capital, abbreviated Bogotá, D.C., and formerly known as Santafé de Bogotá between 1991 and 2000, is the capital and largest city of Colombia, administered as the Capital District, although often thought of as part of Cundinamarca. Bogotá is a territorial entity of the first order, with the same administrative status as the departments of Colombia. It is the political, economic, administrative, industrial, artistic, cultural, and sports center of the country.

[Paragraph 95] Guadalupe Victoria
Victoria is considered a national hero and as such, there are many monuments, statues, schools, hospitals, libraries, cities, towns, streets, and places named after him in Mexico. The most prominent are Ciudad Victoria, the capital of the state of Tamaulipas; the capital city of Victoria de Durango, Tamazula de Victoria, and Ciudad Guadalupe Victoria in the state of Durango; Guadalupe Victoria in the state of Puebla; Victoria City and Victoria County, in the United States; the frigate ARM Victoria (F-213); and General Guadalupe Victoria International Airport.

[Paragraph 96] Arrondissement of Mechelen
The Arrondissement of Mechelen (; ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Antwerp, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement, as the territory for both coincides.

[Paragraph 97] Anthropology
But by the 1940s, many of Boas' anthropologist contemporaries were active in the allied war effort against the "Axis" (Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan). Many served in the armed forces, while others worked in intelligence (for example, Office of Strategic Services and the Office of War Information). At the same time, David H. Price's work on American anthropology during the Cold War provides detailed accounts of the pursuit and dismissal of several anthropologists from their jobs for communist sympathies.

[Paragraph 98] Copper Box Arena
The Copper Box Arena is a multi-sport venue in the Hackney Wick area of Hackney and was used for the 2012 Summer Olympics, located in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London, England. Previously known as the Handball Arena, it was renamed because, aside from handball, it hosted modern pentathlon (fencing, shooting, swimming, horse jumping and running) during the Olympics and was the goalball venue for the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

[Paragraph 99] Charles Sabel
Charles Fredrick Sabel (born December 1, 1947) is an American academic and professor of Law and Social Science at the Columbia Law School. His research centers on public innovations, European Union governance, labor standards, economic development, and ultra-robust networks.
