[Paragraph 0] Korean War
In contrast, the ROK Army defenders were relatively unprepared and ill-equipped. In South to the Naktong, North to the Yalu (1961), R.E. Appleman reports the ROK forces' low combat readiness as of 25 June 1950. The ROK Army had 98,000 soldiers (65,000 combat, 33,000 support), no tanks (they had been requested from the U.S. military, but requests were denied), and a 22-piece air force comprising 12 liaison-type and 10 AT6 advanced-trainer airplanes. There were no large foreign military garrisons in Korea at the time of the invasion, but there were large U.S. garrisons and air forces in Japan.

[Paragraph 1] Scotland national rugby union team
``Flower of Scotland ''has been used since 1990 as Scotland's unofficial national anthem. It was written by Roy Williamson of The Corries in 1967, and adopted by the SRU to replace`` God Save the Queen''. In the first year of using ``Flower of Scotland ''as an anthem, Scotland walked onto the pitch at the beginning of the Five Nations Championship deciding match against England. This combination was explosive and Scotland went on to beat England 13 -- 7 and win the Five Nations Championship with a Grand Slam.

[Paragraph 2] La Marseillaise
The Marseillaise was a revolutionary song, an anthem to freedom, a patriotic call to mobilize all the citizens and an exhortation to fight against tyranny and foreign invasion. The French National Convention adopted it as the Republic's anthem in 1795. The song acquired its nickname after being sung in Paris by volunteers from Marseille marching to the capital. The song is the first example of the ``European march ''anthemic style. The anthem's evocative melody and lyrics have led to its widespread use as a song of revolution and its incorporation into many pieces of classical and popular music.

[Paragraph 3] Slavs
The word "Slavs" was used in the national anthem of the Slovak Republic (1939–1945), Yugoslavia (1943–1992) and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (1992–2003), later Serbia and Montenegro (2003–2006).

[Paragraph 4] Napoleon
His opponents learned from Napoleon's innovations. The increased importance of artillery after 1807 stemmed from his creation of a highly mobile artillery force, the growth in artillery numbers, and changes in artillery practices. As a result of these factors, Napoleon, rather than relying on infantry to wear away the enemy's defenses, now could use massed artillery as a spearhead to pound a break in the enemy's line that was then exploited by supporting infantry and cavalry. McConachy rejects the alternative theory that growing reliance on artillery by the French army beginning in 1807 was an outgrowth of the declining quality of the French infantry and, later, France's inferiority in cavalry numbers. Weapons and other kinds of military technology remained largely static through the Revolutionary and Napoleonic eras, but 18th-century operational mobility underwent significant change.

[Paragraph 5] Josip Broz Tito
In 1968, Tito offered Czechoslovak leader Alexander Dubček to fly to Prague on three hours notice if Dubček needed help in facing down the Soviets. In April 1969, Tito removed generals Ivan Gošnjak and Rade Hamović in the aftermath of the invasion of Czechoslovakia due to the unpreparedness of the Yugoslav army to respond to a similar invasion of Yugoslavia.

[Paragraph 6] Czech language
Around the sixth century AD, a tribe of Slavs arrived in a portion of Central Europe. According to legend they were led by a hero named Čech, from whom the word "Czech" derives. The ninth century brought the state of Great Moravia, whose first ruler (Rastislav of Moravia) invited Byzantine ruler Michael III to send missionaries in an attempt to reduce the influence of East Francia on religious and political life in his country. These missionaries, Constantine and Methodius, helped to convert the Czechs from traditional Slavic paganism to Christianity and established a church system. They also brought the Glagolitic alphabet to the West Slavs, whose language was previously unwritten. This language, later known as Proto-Czech, was beginning to separate from its fellow West Slavic hatchlings Proto-Slovak, Proto-Polish and Proto-Sorbian. Among other features, Proto-Czech was marked by its ephemeral use of the voiced velar fricative consonant (/ɣ/) and consistent stress on the first syllable.

[Paragraph 7] Prague underground (culture)
Prague underground was an underground culture developed in Prague, Czechoslovakia in the late 1960s and 1970s during the Normalization period. The movement was characterized by resistance against conformity, conventions, and consumerism. Because of its non-conformity, it had serious problems with the communist regime which considered it as a political opposition.

[Paragraph 8] America (My Country, 'Tis of Thee)
``My Country, 'Tis of Thee '', also known as`` America'', is an American patriotic song, whose lyrics were written by Samuel Francis Smith. The melody used is the same as that of the national anthem of the United Kingdom, ``God Save the Queen '', arranged by Thomas Arne. The song served as one of the de facto national anthems of the United States (along with songs like`` Hail, Columbia'') before the adoption of ``The Star - Spangled Banner ''as the official U.S. national anthem in 1931.

[Paragraph 9] Korean War
A major consideration was the possible Soviet reaction in the event that the US intervened. The Truman administration was fretful that a war in Korea was a diversionary assault that would escalate to a general war in Europe once the United States committed in Korea. At the same time, "[t]here was no suggestion from anyone that the United Nations or the United States could back away from [the conflict]". Yugoslavia–a possible Soviet target because of the Tito-Stalin Split—was vital to the defense of Italy and Greece, and the country was first on the list of the National Security Council's post-North Korea invasion list of "chief danger spots". Truman believed if aggression went unchecked a chain reaction would be initiated that would marginalize the United Nations and encourage Communist aggression elsewhere. The UN Security Council approved the use of force to help the South Koreans and the US immediately began using what air and naval forces that were in the area to that end. The Administration still refrained from committing on the ground because some advisers believed the North Koreans could be stopped by air and naval power alone.

[Paragraph 10] Forged from the Love of Liberty
Patrick S. Castagne composed the words and music of the National Anthem in 1962. Mr Castagne, a renowned West Indian songwriter, was employed at the Trinidad and Tobago Commission in London. One of his compositions, called ``A Song for the Islands ''or A Song for Federation, was submitted to the West Indies Federation as a possible anthem.

[Paragraph 11] Iron Dome
Iron Dome (, "") is a mobile all-weather air defense system developed by Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and Israel Aerospace Industries. The system is designed to intercept and destroy short-range rockets and artillery shells fired from distances of to away and whose trajectory would take them to an Israeli populated area. Israel hopes to increase the range of Iron Dome's interceptions, from the current maximum of to and make it more versatile so that it could intercept rockets coming from two directions simultaneously.

[Paragraph 12] Jana Gana Mana
Jana Gana Mana is the national anthem of India. It is composed in Bengali by poet Rabindranath Tagore.. The composition consisting of the words and music of the first stanza of the late poet Rabindra Nath Tagore's song known as ``Jana Gana Mana ''is the National Anthem of India.

[Paragraph 13] Warsaw Pact
The multi-national Communist armed forces' sole joint action was the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in August 1968. All member countries, with the exception of the Socialist Republic of Romania and the People's Republic of Albania participated in the invasion.

[Paragraph 14] Harmelen train disaster
The Harmelen train disaster was the worst railway accident in the history of the Netherlands on 8 January 1962. Harmelen, in the central Netherlands, is the location of a railway junction where a branch to Amsterdam leaves the Rotterdam to Utrecht line. It is common at high-speed junctions to avoid the use of diamond crossings wherever possible — instead a ladder crossing is employed where trains destined for the branch line cross over to the track normally employed for trains travelling in the opposite direction for a short distance before taking the branch line.

[Paragraph 15] United States Army
Currently, the army is divided into the Regular Army, the Army Reserve, and the Army National Guard. The army is also divided into major branches such as Air Defense Artillery, Infantry, Aviation, Signal Corps, Corps of Engineers, and Armor. Before 1903 members of the National Guard were considered state soldiers unless federalized (i.e., activated) by the President. Since the Militia Act of 1903 all National Guard soldiers have held dual status: as National Guardsmen under the authority of the governor of their state or territory and, when activated, as a reserve of the U.S. Army under the authority of the President.

[Paragraph 16] In Plenty and In Time of Need
``In Plenty and In Time of Need ''is the national anthem of the country of Barbados. It was written by Irving Burgie (1926 --) and was composed by C. Van Roland Edwards (1912 -- 1985). As one part of the West Indies Federation from 1958 -- 1962, Barbados' anthem was supposed to be Forged from the Love of Liberty (which is currently the national anthem of Trinidad and Tobago), however the current anthem was created with Barbados' moves toward full independence. This song was then adopted by Barbados when it became independent in 1966.

[Paragraph 17] Pledge of Allegiance
In 1923, the National Flag Conference called for the words ``my Flag ''to be changed to`` the Flag of the United States,'' so that new immigrants would not confuse loyalties between their birth countries and the US. The words ``of America ''were added a year later. Congress officially recognized the Pledge for the first time, in the following form, on June 22, 1942:

[Paragraph 18] Iron Beam
Iron Beam (, "") is an air defense system which is in development by Israeli defense contractor Rafael Advanced Defense Systems. Unveiled at the Singapore Air Show on February 11, 2014. The system is designed to destroy short-range rockets, artillery, and mortars with a range of up to , too small for the Iron Dome system to intercept effectively. In addition, the system could also intercept unmanned aerial vehicles. Iron Beam will use a "directed high energy laser beam" to destroy hostile targets with ranges of up to . Iron Beam will constitute the fifth element of Israel's integrated air defense system, in addition to Arrow 2, Arrow 3, David's Sling, and Iron Dome. However, Iron Beam is also a stand-alone system.

[Paragraph 19] Saving Private Ryan
An elderly veteran visits the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial with his family. Upon seeing one particular grave, he falls to his knees overcome with emotion. The scene then shifts to the morning of June 6, 1944, as American soldiers land on Omaha Beach as part of the Normandy Invasion. They suffer heavy losses in assaulting German defensive positions of artillery and machine guns raining down intense fire on the American forces. Captain John H. Miller of the 2nd Ranger Battalion assembles a group to penetrate the German defenses, leading to a breakout from the beach. Elsewhere on the beach, a dead soldier lies face - down in the bloody surf; his pack is stenciled Ryan, S.
