[Paragraph 0] Granger, Texas
Granger is a city in Williamson County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,419 at the 2010 census. Granger was the site for the 2010 remake of the movie True Grit, as well as an episode of the NBC drama Revolution.

[Paragraph 1] .700 Nitro Express
The .700 Nitro Express (17.8×89mmR) is a big game rifle cartridge made by Holland & Holland, London, England. It was developed in 1988 by Jim Bell and William Feldstein and built by H&H. Feldstein had tried unsuccessfully to get H&H to build a .600 Nitro Express for him, but they had already ceased production. However, when Bell and Feldstein produced the entirely new .700 Nitro Express cartridge, they were able to attract the interest of H&H, which was looking for a new big-bore cartridge. After production began, the backlog of orders was so great that it continued to 2007 and H&H restarted the production of .600 Nitro Express guns.

[Paragraph 2] True Grit (1969 film)
True Grit is a 1969 American western film. It is the first film adaptation of Charles Portis' 1968 novel of the same name. The screenplay was written by Marguerite Roberts. The film was directed by Henry Hathaway and starred Kim Darby as Mattie Ross and John Wayne as U.S. Marshal Rooster Cogburn. Wayne won his only Academy Award for his performance in this film and reprised his role for the 1975 sequel Rooster Cogburn.

[Paragraph 3] The Emancipation of Mimi
The Emancipation of Mimi is the tenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey, released through Island Records on April 12, 2005. "The Emancipation of Mimi" was considered Carey's "comeback album" by critics and became her highest-selling release in the US in a decade. In composing the album, the singer collaborated with many songwriters and producers throughout 2004, including Jermaine Dupri, Snoop Dogg, Twista, Nelly, Pharrell Williams, and James "Big Jim" Wright, many of whom appeared as featured guests on select tracks.

[Paragraph 4] Celebrity Big Brother (American TV series)
Celebrity Big Brother, also known as Big Brother: Celebrity Edition, is a spin - off series of the American reality television series Big Brother. This season aired during the winter of the 2017 -- 18 network television season on CBS and was the second U.S. Big Brother season to air outside the usual summer television season, the first being Big Brother 9 in 2008. Julie Chen returned as host, with Allison Grodner and Rich Meehan returning as executive producers. The season was produced by Fly on the Wall Entertainment in association with Endemol Shine North America. The season premiered on February 7, 2018.

[Paragraph 5] The Master Gunfighter
The Master Gunfighter is a film released in 1975 in Panavision, written and produced by Tom Laughlin, who also played the lead as Finley. "The Master Gunfighter" is mainly a remake of the 1969 Japanese film "Goyokin", although the story revolves around a true incident in the early 1800s involving massacred Indians that occurred in the vicinity of Goleta, California.

[Paragraph 6] Rooster Cogburn (film)
Rooster Cogburn is a 1975 American Western adventure film directed by Stuart Millar and starring John Wayne (in his penultimate film), reprising his role as U.S. Marshal Reuben J. "Rooster" Cogburn, and Katharine Hepburn. Written by Martha Hyer, based on the character Rooster Cogburn created by Charles McColl Portis in his 1968 western novel "True Grit", the film is about an aging one-eyed lawman whose badge was recently suspended for a string of routine arrests that ended in bloodshed. To earn back his badge, he is tasked with bringing down a ring of bank robbers that has hijacked a wagon shipment of nitroglycerin. He is helped by a spinster searching for her father's killer. "Rooster Cogburn" is a sequel to the 1969 film "True Grit".

[Paragraph 7] Up the Elephant and Round the Castle
Up the Elephant and Round the Castle is a British television sitcom, which aired from 1983 to 1985, and was produced by Thames Television for the ITV network. Starring comedian Jim Davidson, who played the role of Jim London, the show spawned a sequel, "Home James!", which was also made by Thames. "Home James" ran from 1987 to 1990. "Up the Elephant and Round the Castle" also gave early exposure to Anita Dobson.

[Paragraph 8] Things I Know to Be True
Things I Know To Be True is a theatre production produced by State Theatre Company South Australia and Frantic Assembly, directed by Geordie Brookman and Scott Graham. It was written by Andrew Bovell and features the music of Nils Frahm. The play is naturalistic but features a great use of non-naturalistic physical movement to emphasise the emotional connection between the characters - following the story of the Price Family and their problems. The play is set in Adelaide, Australia, which is where the play held its World Premiere in May 2016. It subsequently toured the United Kingdom twice.

[Paragraph 9] Digory Kirke
In the 2005 film The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, he is played as an adult by Jim Broadbent.

[Paragraph 10] Big Jim McLain
Big Jim McLain is a 1952 political thriller film starring John Wayne and James Arness as HUAC investigators hunting down communists in the post-war Hawaii organized labor scene. Edward Ludwig directed.

[Paragraph 11] Normal (New Girl)
After ``Normal ''aired, internet sources began to summarize the rules for True American, which the characters described as a mix of a drinking game and Candy Land where the floor is lava; it also involves shouting the names of American presidents. The idea of True American came from a New Girl writer who played a similar game in college. As she could not remember the game's exact rules, the writers focused on making the game as funny on the page as possible, but only established chanting`` JFK! FDR!'' and walking on chairs. As the cast did not understand the game during shooting, the writers created more rules on the spot, advised the actors to ``have fun, dig in, jump in ''and play it as if`` they'd been playing this thing for years and years and years.'' The high - energy feel of the game and the amounts of coverage made filming True American more challenging for the actors than normal episodes. Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode. Fox subsequently released a set of official rules for the game, which can be summarized ``There are no real rules ''. The characters also played True American in`` Cooler'', the 15th episode of the second season, in ``Mars Landing '', the 20th episode of the third season and in`` Wedding Eve'' the 21st episode of the fifth season.

[Paragraph 12] Jim McIntyre (basketball)
Reverend James McIntyre (1927 – December 10, 2005) was an American basketball player for the University of Minnesota from 1945–46 to 1948–49. A native of Minneapolis, Minnesota, he led Patrick Henry High School to two state championships before becoming a two-time consensus All-American at Minnesota. McIntyre is recognized as being the University of Minnesota's first true "big man." Standing at and playing the center position, he was especially large for players of the late 1940s era. During his career, he was a two-time First Team All-Big Ten Conference and one-time Second Team All-Big Ten selection. McIntyre scored 1,223 points and had set a then-single season Minnesota scoring record of 360 points.

[Paragraph 13] History of the Liberal Party of Canada
The Liberals are descended from the mid-19th century Reformers who agitated for responsible government throughout British North America. These included George Brown, Robert Baldwin, William Lyon Mackenzie and the Clear Grits in Upper Canada, Joseph Howe in Nova Scotia, and the Patriotes and Rouges in Lower Canada led by figures such as Louis - Joseph Papineau. The Clear Grits and Parti rouge sometimes functioned as a united bloc in the legislature of the Province of Canada beginning in 1854, and a united Liberal Party combining both English and French Canadian members was formed in 1861.

[Paragraph 14] True Grit (1969 film)
Frank Ross (John Pickard) is murdered by his hired hand, Tom Chaney (Jeff Corey). Ross's young daughter, Mattie (Kim Darby), travels to Fort Smith, Arkansas, where she hires aging U.S. Marshal Reuben ``Rooster ''J. Cogburn (John Wayne) to bring Chaney in, raising his fee by shrewdly horse trading with Colonel Stonehill (Strother Martin). Mattie has heard that Cogburn has`` true grit.'' She gives him a payment to track and capture Chaney, who has taken up with outlaw ``Lucky ''Ned Pepper (Robert Duvall) in Indian Territory (modern - day Oklahoma).

[Paragraph 15] True Colors (Cyndi Lauper album)
True Colors is the second album by American pop singer Cyndi Lauper, released on September 15, 1986. The album produced several hits as "True Colors", "Change of Heart", and "What's Going On" reached the top twenty of the "Billboard" Hot 100, with the first two becoming top 5 hits.

[Paragraph 16] Jason Deere
Jason Todd Deere (born December 19, 1968 in Enid, Oklahoma) is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. He has written memorable songs for acts like Lady Antebellum, Little Big Town, LeAnn Rimes, Jessica Simpson, Jim Brickman, SHeDAISY, Be Be Winans, Natalie Grant, Point of Grace, Wanessa Camargo, Leonardo, Luiza Possi, The Wreckers and he has a lengthy list of film, television and production credits.

[Paragraph 17] The Big Story (radio and TV series)
The Big Story is an American radio and television crime drama which dramatized the true stories of real-life newspaper reporters. The only continuing character was the narrator, Bob Sloane.

[Paragraph 18] CJXX-FM
CJXX-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 93.1 FM in Grande Prairie, Alberta. Owned by the Jim Pattison Broadcast Group, the station is branded as Big Country 93.1 and broadcasts a country music format.

[Paragraph 19] Jim Ricca
James Emanuel "Big Jim" Ricca (October 8, 1927 – February 11, 2007) was a professional American football defensive tackle and guard for six seasons in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles and Detroit Lions.
