[Paragraph 0] Jurassic World
Jurassic World is a 2015 American science fiction adventure film and the fourth installment of the Jurassic Park series, as well as the first film in a planned Jurassic World trilogy. The film was directed and co-written by Colin Trevorrow, produced by Frank Marshall and Patrick Crowley, and stars Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard. The production companies were Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment, also responsible for the rest of the Jurassic Park franchise, and Thomas Tull's Legendary Pictures. Set 22 years after the events of Jurassic Park, Jurassic World takes place on the same fictional Central American island of Isla Nublar, off the Pacific coast of Costa Rica, where a theme park populated with cloned dinosaurs has operated for ten years. The park plunges into chaos when a genetically created dinosaur breaks loose and goes on a rampage across the island.

[Paragraph 1] Close Encounters of the Third Kind
Close Encounters of the Third Kind Theatrical release poster Directed by Steven Spielberg Produced by Julia Phillips Michael Phillips Written by Steven Spielberg Starring Richard Dreyfuss Teri Garr Melinda Dillon François Truffaut Music by John Williams Cinematography Vilmos Zsigmond Edited by Michael Kahn Production company EMI Films Distributed by Columbia Pictures Release date November 16, 1977 (1977 - 11 - 16) Running time 135 minutes Country United States Language English Budget $20 million Box office $306.1 million

[Paragraph 2] Steven Spielberg
Since the mid-1980s, Spielberg has increased his role as a film producer. He headed up the production team for several cartoons, including the Warner Bros. hits Tiny Toon Adventures, Animaniacs, Pinky and the Brain, Toonsylvania, and Freakazoid!, for which he collaborated with Jean MacCurdy and Tom Ruegger. Due to his work on these series, in the official titles, most of them say, "Steven Spielberg presents" as well as making numerous cameos on the shows. Spielberg also produced the Don Bluth animated features, An American Tail and The Land Before Time, which were released by Universal Studios. He also served as one of the executive producers of Who Framed Roger Rabbit and its three related shorts (Tummy Trouble, Roller Coaster Rabbit, Trail Mix-Up), which were all released by Disney, under both the Walt Disney Pictures and the Touchstone Pictures banners. He was furthermore, for a short time, the executive producer of the long-running medical drama ER. In 1989, he brought the concept of The Dig to LucasArts. He contributed to the project from that time until 1995 when the game was released. He also collaborated with software publishers Knowledge Adventure on the multimedia game Steven Spielberg's Director's Chair, which was released in 1996. Spielberg appears, as himself, in the game to direct the player. The Spielberg name provided branding for a Lego Moviemaker kit, the proceeds of which went to the Starbright Foundation.

[Paragraph 3] Josip Broz Tito
Tito's visits to the United States avoided most of the Northeast due to large minorities of Yugoslav emigrants bitter about communism in Yugoslavia. Security for the state visits was usually high to keep him away from protesters, who would frequently burn the Yugoslav flag. During a visit to the United Nations in the late 1970s emigrants shouted "Tito murderer" outside his New York hotel, for which he protested to United States authorities.

[Paragraph 4] Roger Allen LaPorte
Roger Allen LaPorte (July 16, 1943 – November 10, 1965) is best known as a protester of the Vietnam War who set himself on fire in front of the United Nations building in New York City on November 9, 1965, to protest the United States involvement in the war. A former seminarian, he was a 22-year-old member of the Catholic Worker Movement at the time of his death.

[Paragraph 5] Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Unlike the previous Indiana Jones films, Spielberg shot the entire film in the United States, stating he did not want to be away from his family. Shooting began on June 18, 2007, in Deming, New Mexico. An extensive chase scene set at the fictional Marshall College was filmed between June 28 and July 7 at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut (where Spielberg's son Theo was studying). To keep in line with the fact the story takes place in the 1950s, several facades were changed, although signs were put up in between shots to tell the public what the store or restaurant actually was.

[Paragraph 6] Steven Spielberg
Spielberg was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, to an Orthodox Jewish family. His mother, Leah (Adler) Posner (born 1920), was a restaurateur and concert pianist, and his father, Arnold Spielberg (born 1917), was an electrical engineer involved in the development of computers. His paternal grandparents were immigrants from Ukraine who settled in Cincinnati in the first decade of the 1900s. In 1950, his family moved to Haddon Township, New Jersey when his father took a job with RCA. Three years later, the family moved to Phoenix, Arizona.:548 Spielberg attended Hebrew school from 1953 to 1957, in classes taught by Rabbi Albert L. Lewis.

[Paragraph 7] Dissolution of the Soviet Union
In late February, large public rallies took place in Kiev to protest the election laws, on the eve of the March 26 elections to the USSR Congress of People's Deputies, and to call for the resignation of the first secretary of the Communist Party of Ukraine, Volodymyr Scherbytsky, lampooned as "the mastodon of stagnation." The demonstrations coincided with a visit to Ukraine by Soviet President Gorbachev. On February 26, 1989, between 20,000 and 30,000 people participated in an unsanctioned ecumenical memorial service in Lviv, marking the anniversary of the death of 19th Century Ukrainian artist and nationalist Taras Shevchenko.

[Paragraph 8] Battlehawks 1942
According to the game's designer Lawrence Holland, Chris Roberts told him at an industry conference that he had reverse-engineered "Battlehawks 1942" to create the game engine for "Wing Commander". Holland said: "Many years ago, while working at Skywalker ranch on "Battlehawks 1942", I overheard two people talking over my shoulder about the game I was working on. Imagine my surprise when I turned around and saw Steven Spielberg and George Lucas discussing it and learning further that Steven Spielberg was playing and enjoying it. He was an early video game convert."

[Paragraph 9] Steven Spielberg
According to Forbes' Most Influential Celebrities 2014 list, Spielberg was listed as the most influential celebrity in America. The annual list is conducted by E-Poll Market Research and it gave more than 6,600 celebrities on 46 different personality attributes a score representing "how that person is perceived as influencing the public, their peers, or both." Spielberg received a score of 47, meaning 47% of the US believes he is influential. Gerry Philpott, president of E-Poll Market Research, supported Spielberg's score by stating, "If anyone doubts that Steven Spielberg has greatly influenced the public, think about how many will think for a second before going into the water this summer."

[Paragraph 10] Heather O'Rourke
Heather O'Rourke (December 27, 1975 -- February 1, 1988) was an American child actress. She was discovered by director Steven Spielberg when she was visiting MGM's studios. Spielberg cast her as Carol Anne Freeling in the horror film Poltergeist (1982), where she had the movie's most recognizable line: ``They're here! ''She reprised the role in the second and third installments.

[Paragraph 11] Steven Spielberg
In June 2006, Steven Spielberg announced he would direct a scientifically accurate film about "a group of explorers who travel through a worm hole and into another dimension", from a treatment by Kip Thorne and producer Lynda Obst. In January 2007, screenwriter Jonathan Nolan met with them to discuss adapting Obst and Thorne's treatment into a narrative screenplay. The screenwriter suggested the addition of a "time element" to the treatment's basic idea, which was welcomed by Obst and Thorne. In March of that year, Paramount hired Nolan, as well as scientists from Caltech, forming a workshop to adapt the treatment under the title Interstellar. The following July, Kip Thorne said there was a push by people for him to portray himself in the film. Spielberg later abandoned Interstellar, which was eventually directed by Christopher Nolan.

[Paragraph 12] Steven Spielberg
Spielberg first met actress Amy Irving in 1976 at the suggestion of director Brian De Palma, who knew he was looking for an actress to play in Close Encounters. After meeting her, Spielberg told his co-producer Julia Phillips, "I met a real heartbreaker last night.":293 Although she was too young for the role, she and Spielberg began dating and she eventually moved in to what she described as his "bachelor funky" house.:294 They lived together for four years, but the stresses of their professional careers took a toll on their relationship. Irving wanted to be certain that whatever success she attained as an actress would be her own: "I don't want to be known as Steven's girlfriend," she said, and chose not to be in any of his films during those years.:295

[Paragraph 13] Susan Backlinie
Susan Backlinie (born Susan Jane Swindall on September 1, 1946) is a former actress and stuntwoman. She is known for her role as Chrissie Watkins, the first shark victim in Steven Spielberg's blockbuster Jaws (1975).

[Paragraph 14] Dissolution of the Soviet Union
In mid-November The Shevchenko Ukrainian Language Society was officially registered. On November 19, 1989, a public gathering in Kiev attracted thousands of mourners, friends and family to the reburial in Ukraine of three inmates of the infamous Gulag Camp No. 36 in Perm in the Ural Mountains: human-rights activists Vasyl Stus, Oleksiy Tykhy, and Yuriy Lytvyn. Their remains were reinterred in Baikove Cemetery. On November 26, 1989, a day of prayer and fasting was proclaimed by Cardinal Myroslav Lubachivsky, thousands of faithful in western Ukraine participated in religious services on the eve of a meeting between Pope John Paul II and Soviet President Gorbachev. On November 28, 1989, the Ukrainian SSR's Council for Religious Affairs issued a decree allowing Ukrainian Catholic congregations to register as legal organizations. The decree was proclaimed on December 1, coinciding with a meeting at the Vatican between the pope and the Soviet president.

[Paragraph 15] Heather O'Rourke
Heather Michele O'Rourke (December 27, 1975 -- February 1, 1988) was an American child actress. She was discovered by director Steven Spielberg when she was visiting MGM's studios. Spielberg cast her as Carol Anne Freeling in the horror film Poltergeist (1982), where she had the movie's most recognizable line: ``They're here! ''She reprised the role in the second and third installments.

[Paragraph 16] The Post (film)
The Post Theatrical release poster Directed by Steven Spielberg Produced by Steven Spielberg Kristie Macosko Krieger Amy Pascal Written by Liz Hannah Josh Singer Starring Meryl Streep Tom Hanks Sarah Paulson Bob Odenkirk Tracy Letts Bradley Whitford Bruce Greenwood Matthew Rhys Music by John Williams Cinematography Janusz Kamiński Edited by Michael Kahn Sarah Broshar Production company 20th Century Fox DreamWorks Pictures Amblin Entertainment Participant Media Pascal Pictures Star Thrower Entertainment TSG Entertainment Amblin Partners Distributed by 20th Century Fox (United States) Universal Pictures (International) Release date December 14, 2017 (2017 - 12 - 14) (Newseum) December 22, 2017 (2017 - 12 - 22) (United States) Running time 116 minutes Country United States Language English Budget $50 million Box office $174.5 million

[Paragraph 17] The Land Before Time
The Land Before Time is a 1988 animated adventure drama film directed and produced by Don Bluth and executive produced by Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, Kathleen Kennedy, and Frank Marshall.

[Paragraph 18] The Post (film)
In October 2016 Amy Pascal won a bid for the rights to the screenplay The Post, written by Liz Hannah. In February 2017, Steven Spielberg had halted pre-production on The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara after a casting setback, and consequently opened his schedule to other potential films to direct. The following month, it was announced that Spielberg was in negotiations to direct and produce the film, with Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks in talks for the roles of Katharine Graham and Ben Bradlee, respectively. The Post is the first time that Spielberg, Streep, and Hanks had all worked together on a film.

[Paragraph 19] The Post (film)
The Post Theatrical release poster Directed by Steven Spielberg Produced by Steven Spielberg Kristie Macosko Krieger Amy Pascal Written by Liz Hannah Josh Singer Starring Meryl Streep Tom Hanks Sarah Paulson Bob Odenkirk Tracy Letts Bradley Whitford Bruce Greenwood Matthew Rhys Music by John Williams Cinematography Janusz Kamiński Edited by Michael Kahn Sarah Broshar Production company DreamWorks Pictures 20th Century Fox Amblin Entertainment Participant Media Pascal Pictures Star Thrower Entertainment TSG Entertainment Amblin Partners Distributed by 20th Century Fox (United States) Universal Pictures (International) Release date December 14, 2017 (2017 - 12 - 14) (Newseum) December 22, 2017 (2017 - 12 - 22) (United States) Running time 113 minutes Country United States Language English Budget $50 million Box office $168.7 million
